this be a quirky movie that the brit do so well . low budget , cameo type role , well execute . the story be a little weak , a recently widow Judi Dench decide to round up the `` blonde bombshell ' a all -lrb- well almost all -rrb- girl band who perform during the war in London . the obligatory son/daughter who think she be go potty . I do like the way the movie let young people see that they do not have a monopoly on feeling , love and even lust ! that the `` old wrinkly '' can have a good laugh too . Judi Dench be superb as always , a pity we do not get to see more of the other `` blonde bombeshell , the end be a little rush I think . I keep think as I watch that David Jason would have make a even better Patrick than Ian Holm , although he be quite adequate as the `` transvestite '' drummer . all in all a cheery movie well worth a night in with the girl :-rrb-_NN
british comedy tend to fall into one of two main type : the quiet , introspective , usually romantic study and the farcical social satire . setting , character , and concept vary but certain characteristic place the vast majority of show into one of the two category . butterfly be perhaps the epitomé of the first type . <br /> <br /> the script be very verbal , include long interior monologue by the main character Ria , a basically happy but unsettled housewife curious about what she might have miss out on when she embark on a thoroughly conventional life . when she meet a successful but clumsy and emotionally accessible businessman -lrb- who make he interest in she quite clear -rrb- , she toy with the idea of find out what the other path might have offer . <br /> <br /> the act and script be always on the money , which make one 's reaction to the show almost entirely a personal one : I be neither blow away by it nor turn off . my mother , on the other hand , adore this show . I think the degree to which one identify with Ria 's dilemma be the most important factor in determine one 's reaction to Butterflies .
well , at least my theater group do , lol . so of course I remember watch grease since I be a little girl , while it be never my favorite musical or story , it do still hold a little special place in my heart since it be still a lot of fun to watch . I hear horrible thing about grease 2 and that be why I decide to never watch it , but my boyfriend say that it really be not all that bad and my friend agree , so I decide to give it a shot , but I call they up and just laugh . first off the plot be totally steal from the first one and it be not really clever , not to mention they just use the same character , but with different name and actor . tell I , how do the Pink Ladies and t-bird continue year on after the former gang leave ? not to mention the creator face motor cycle enemy , gee , what a striking resemblance to the guy in the first film as well as these t-bird be just stupid and ridiculous . <br /> <br /> another year at Rydell and the music and dancing have not stop . but when a new student who be Sandy 's cousin come into the scene , he be love strike by a pink lady , Stephanie . but she must stick to the code where only Pink Ladies must stick with the t-bird , so the new student , decide to train as a t-bird to win she heart . so he dress up as a rebel motor cycle bandit who can ride well and defeat the evil biker from easily kick the t-bird 's butt . but will he tell Stephanie who he really be or will she find out on she own ? well , find out for yourself . <br /> <br /> grease 2 be like a silly tv show of some sort that do not work . the gang do not click as well as the first grease do , not to mention Frenchy come back be a bit silly and unbelievable , because I think that she graduate from Rydell , but apparently she do not . the song be not really that catchy ; I be glad that Michelle be able to bounce back so fast , but that be probably because she be the only one with talent in this silly little sequel , I would not really recommend this film , other than if you be curious , but I warn you , this be just a pathetic attempt at more money from the famous musical . <br /> <br /> 2/10
the Matador be better upon reflection because at the time one be watch it , it seem so light . the humor be always medium-gauge , never unfunny but never gut-busting . the story be a very simple thread . the characteristic of the plot be often recycled feature , namely the unscrupulous bad guy in need of a pal and the straight-laced glass-wearing good guy in need of security in life team up and learn from each other and somehow complement each other 's lifestyle . I also find the bullfighting parallel to the story unnecessary , as it be a simply cruel thing and the symbolism be hardly potent enough to carry itself . however , it really be a good film , because though it seem so thin and unaffecting at the time , it be not . it have a subtle way of connect with the audience . <br /> <br /> I believe the reason it slowly but surely give the audience something to take with they be because though it be a formulum that be nothing new , even most of the humor , both main character , virtually the only character in it , be somehow meet and get to know . forget call they real . that be not at all what I mean . what I mean be that though Pierce Brosnan 's filthy , womanize , booze hit man be a detach comical character , he be grasp firmly by the writer and definitely by Brosnan , who be aggressively communicate how much he enjoy he breath of fresh James Bondless air . Greg Kinnear 's character seem quite the same in he detach scriptedness , but he be give certain very unexpected footnote that for a moment due to the film 's lightfootedness pass we by but then hit we only a moment later . we then realize the film be not simply analyze this or Planes , train and automobile tell stalely over again . its truly say something . <br /> <br /> the film 's climax be of a sort that want to partially be a thriller with twist . but with its lightness , how can that possibly be the focus of the film , though the plot have be lead up to it ? no , the focus be what Brosnan and Kinnear get out of they unlikely relationship to each other . strangely , the Matador be a film about regret and loneliness . Brosnan deal with loneliness and regret every day , and though we do not understand why Kinnear be so lenient and accept with Brosnan continually interrupt he life , it be slowly understand that Brosnan be salvage Kinnear from a more down-to-earth version of he own feeling as a means of redemption . the very last scene of the movie stay with I . it , I think , be where the film 's subtle side-stepping impact finally begin to seep .
good film . tell a boyish fantasy story , tell we how trap we be in social situation and what kind of extreme measure one have to take to behave differently . or at least the feeling : that you have to break every rule if you be to break one . if you want to express love for someone you do not know , how would you do it without create a press social situation ? also it be about the fascism of decide over other cultural life , of what kind of culture that be jam down we throat . what give Disney or fox or the suicide bomber the right to decide what be we choice . be one not allow to drink the morning coffee by one self . do we have to listen to the NRJ shouting , see the stupid tabloid headline and the street commercial before we even have have we morning coffee ?
John Pressman -lrb- Micheal ' I shoulda call Ditech ' Lerner -rrb- work at a doctor 's office as a orderly . he mother -lrb- Zelda ` Poltergeist ' Rubenstein -rrb- hypnotize he to off the people who see think wrong he . but this turn out to be a movie within a movie , but the line soon blur as John go a movie theater to kill . prompt a guy who be watch the movie to do the same . Lerner be suitably over the top in this , but Zelda repeat line of dialog over and over again . that get annoying fast . but not as annoying as the two girl who be watch the movie within a movie.as a horror film this one fail , it be too busy try to be clever , try to impart a message and seem to forget a slasher film must evoke a sense of tension , or at least a jump or two . no , what we have here be the worst kind of slasher : a art-house one . <br /> <br /> my Grade : d +
I show this to my 6th grade class about 17 year ago and the student love it . I love it , too . the story of the termite and they interaction with they environment be amazing . the cast of creature be deep and they all play they part well . the battle between the two cold-blooded titan be truly classic footage . <br /> <br /> Alan root have do some incredible camera work and this should have win the best documentary Oscar . the copy I have do not have Orson Welles narrate it -lrb- Derek Jacobi -rrb- and it be not call the `` mysterious castle of Clay , '' just `` Castles of Clay . '' this make I think that it must have be do with Welles add for star power and a Oscar push . <br /> <br /> I be lucky enough to find this VHS just recently and it be now my child 's favorite movie . they bring it to the latest family gathering instead of a Disney movie . if you can find this movie you be indeed lucky .
Clara Bow -lrb- Hula Calhoun -rrb- be daughter of plantation owner Albert Gran -lrb- Bill Calhoun -rrb- , who be mainly interested in play card and booze with friend . she be interested in ride in the countryside until engineer Clive Brook -lrb- Anthony Haldane -rrb- show up to build a dam . one of she father 's friend Arlette Marchal -lrb- Mrs. Bane -rrb- then compete for he attention . he wife Maude Truax -lrb- Margaret Haldane -rrb- show up for the contrived finale . <br /> <br /> lot of ` pre-code ' element like nude bathing . <br /> <br /> wonderful location shooting in Hawaii .
this be a gory mess and pretty convincing . Corbin Bernson be very much in command of this movie with he slick portrayal of the loony control freak eponymous practitioner . Linda Hoffman play he cheating wife and she be very easy on the eye - unfortunately for she , the little `` tryst '' with the pool guy bring severe punishment in a way the good doctor know best - shame about that pretty smile ! the last half hour of the movie be devote to Bernson 's character lose it completely and the spotlight fall on a young actress call Virginya Keehne . a extremely talented performer , she hog the limelight from the moment the brace come off . nice leg , too !
I really think that this movie be great , personally . but , in every movie there be a downer . now , some of you may not have watch Hilary Duff 's ` raise you Voice ' , but if you think about it , those two show be very very similar , if you know what i mean . in ` Brave New Girl ' , Holly want so bad to get into Haverty Conservatory . in ` raise you Voice ' , Terri want to go to a conservatory in L.A. -lrb- do not remember the name of the conservatory there -rrb- . they be both in the music field , and they both have to sing at the ending of the semester . it be really funny how these two film be alike . I personally like ` Brave New Girl ' better than , ` raise you Voice ' though .
I happen to have buy one of those `` legacy of Horror '' 50 movie pack collection and would you believe I be still look through they to find a good horror movie in it . sometimes you find a enjoyable yet campy one like the Devil 's Messenger or the Devil Bat , or one of the great Alfred Hitchcock 's film -lrb- some be not horror however and be only on there because Hitchcock direct some horror and suspense -rrb- but other time it seem that they put movie like the island monster and this on because they can not accept the fact they would easily be forget and should be for that matter . <br /> <br /> so we open up to sort of a Westing game idea . the rich yet cruel and abusive father play by carradine -lrb- the one standing feature of this -rrb- have die and leave he inheritance to he child and servant who he still hate . Carradine give a good enough performance as always , but he be leave mainly in a voice recording and flashback sequence leave we to sit through the mediocre/terrible performance . the rest of the cast either overact or underact in scene . give this be a independent film of the 70 's the lighting and effect be pretty limit . it be hard to build a lot of tension when the viewer can not see what be happen that well in some scene . some actor like the servant Igor and Elga give a effort at least and I be ashamed to admit kind of left I chuckle at the end mainly for the sheer stupidity but still with some very minor happiness that they pull some version of a twist to a otherwise pretty obvious who-done-it but not enough to enhance the quality of the film . you be not mean to like the character as they be either selfish and cruel or psychotic , but it take it to a whole new level and make many unwatchable . the death scene be pretty bad and the suspense be not really there . it prove that you would probably enjoy the 20 movie pack `` Chilling '' contain film like House on a Haunted Hill , Little Shop of horror 's with Jack Nicholson , and night of the live dead over it . this be best avoid .
I actually do not mind the Geico commercial the first 50 of so time I see they and even find they to be a bit wry and amusing , BUT SERIOUSLY ! this be the best thing that these people could come up with ?!? this show suck ! it be bland and feel like watch a episode of `` the Office '' with the character disguise as caveman -lrb- I know a lot of you will hate I for say that but `` the Office '' just do not do it for I -rrb- . okay , I get it : we have the poor slob just try to keep he nose clean and he have a crappy boss who hate he ; the pseudo-intellectual who really just have a barely-functioning intellect ; and the dopey one who just want to be accept , but SO what !!! I have work with these people and find they just as annoying in real life as I do on tv ... why would I want to waste another 1/336th of my week watch more of those type nominate ?!? please call you parent and ask they if they drop you on you head if after think about it , you still delude yourself into believe that this be entertainment .
I remember this film from many year ago . certainly the best film on the subject in my experience . the fact that I vividly remember so much of the film after so long a time testify to its impact . <br /> <br /> it be difficult to comment on the level of the performance because of the language barrier . but they be nonetheless very powerful . <br /> <br /> this subject continue to fascinate we even with the passing of year . and it be most effectively treat here , with the proper proportion of historical perspective and skepticism . <br /> <br /> I wish it would be show on tv at least once . or at least be available on tape or dvd . or be it ? be some art film archive hoard a copy of it ??
unlike some comment , mine be positive . this movie wrap around the dinner table with a group of friend , some you like , some you do not . a few be related -- mother , daughter , son . they story be not one smooth , happy with everyone and everything , type of life -- much like real life . some story line do not evolve , they just happen . but like true family and good friend , they stick together . the wanna-be parent who be buy a baby be such a -- hole ! you be happy for the end . Poor Delmar be stick between a rock and a boulder take care of herself , she mom , she son , and try to keep all they life together . this do not end with a sunset walk or house in the ` burb and all be live in a dream world , but be a very real life portrayal of people live day to day , month to month . overall , this be a good story and a great movie !!
in a famous essay he write about Charles Dickens , George Orwell point out that many reader always regret that Dickens never continue write like he do in PICKWICK papers : that be , he do not stick to write funny episodic novel for the rest of he career . this would not have be too difficult for Dickens . he contemporary Robert Surtees do precisely that , only concentrate on the misadventure of the fox hunting set -lrb- MR. FANCY ROMFORD 's HOUNDS be a title of one of he novel -rrb- . among hunter and horse lover Surtees still have a follow but most people find he novel unreadable . Dickens be determine to show he be more than a funny man -lrb- and do not forget , he first book , sketch by BOZ , be also a funny book -rrb- . so Dickens third book be OLIVER TWIST -lrb- which get pretty grim at point -rrb- . Orwell say that for any author to grow they have to change the style of they book . Dickens would definitely -lrb- and successfully -rrb- have agree to that . <br /> <br /> but Orwell overlook the genre writer who transcend he fellow . Surtees , as I say , be a genre writer concentrate on hunting - but not everyone be interested in hunting . but P.G.Wodehouse see himself as a entertainer , poke fun at the upper reach of the british social system . he Earl of Emsworth be prouder of raise the finest pig in England than be ... well Earl of Emsworth ! he psmith be always prepare to counterattack when he be suppose to be submissive to a unfair superior . he Stanley Uckridge will always have a `` perfect '' scheme that should net a huge profit -lrb- but always manage to come apart at the end -rrb- . and best of all , he Jeeves will always put he brilliant brain to work rescue the inept Bertie Wooster , he boss . since Wodehouse have a limited view of he mission as a writer - he be there to do cartoon figure of fun for the entertainment of the world - he book never lose they glow . they serve -lrb- and still serve -rrb- they purpose . in fact , compare Wodehouse with he far more serious contemporary Evelyn Waugh , who also write funny book , but of a more intellectual type . the best of Waugh remain among the high point of 20th Century British literature : BRIDESHEAD REVISITED , DECLINE and fall , and the rest . but in he determination to make he point , if he point fail to interest the reader the book frequently collapse . for every vile body there be some failure late in he career like the ordeal of GILBERT PINFOLD . while Wodehouse could do lesser hack work too , he fall do not go as far as Waugh 's do . <br /> <br /> Wodehouse also be a gifted lyricist -lrb- when you hear `` Bill '' in the score of SHOWBOAT , it be not Kern and Hammerstein 's tune , but Kern and Wodehouse 's tune transpose from `` oh lady , lady '' a dozen year earlier -rrb- . he be a handy dramatist too . so it be please to see that he take he novel a damsel in distress and turn it into the screenplay here . <br /> <br /> it have the normal Wodehouse touch . that perfect butler kegg -lrb- Reginald Gardiner in a wonderful performance -rrb- be a scoundrel in rig a `` friendly '' gambling game of chance among the staff of the stately home he head . he be also unable to refrain , occasionally , from singing italian opera - despite Constance Collier 's attempt to control he impulse . this be typical Wodehouse characterization . so be the way the love affair between Lady Alyce and Jerry keep go well and go down due to the antic of Keggs and young Albert , both of whom want to win that game of chance pot of cash . Wodehouse always do that type of plot switch , with antagonist switch they point of view depend on they present state of interest . <br /> <br /> Wodehouse be also lucky here to have Burns and Allan to work with . it be generally consider that of all the film they make as support actor together -lrb- such as six of a kind and WE 'RE NOT DRESSING -rrb- George and Gracie do they best support with Fred Astaire . the Fun House sequence , which include the song `` Stiff Upper Lip '' , be wonderful , as be a earlier sequence where the three do a `` whisk broom '' dance -lrb- that Astaire learn from Burns -rrb- . but Gracie 's marvelous illogical logic be use by Wodehouse in scene with Gardiner -lrb- see how she manage to confuse he into give she more money than she change deserve to be - only Albert happen to notice Keggs/Gardiner 's mistake , and look at Gardiner as though he be either stupid or mad -rrb- . she dialog with lady Caroline -lrb- Collier -rrb- 's son Reggie -lrb- Ray Noble , the british band leader -rrb- lead he to imagine that he will marry she , but say goodbye to Gracie as she drive off with George to get marry be wonderful too . <br /> <br /> the film supposedly fail at the box office because of the lack of Ginger Rogers in it , and the weakness of Joan Fontaine . Fontaine be not do a remarkable job in the role , but the flaw be really Wodehouse 's - he do not make the character very interesting . but the film can stand without that , give the other performer and they character , Gershwin 's music , and Wodehouse 's marvelous sense of fun .
the Sarah Silverman program be very similar to Sarah 's own stand up ; it be so over the top with prejudice that you can not possibly take it to heart . the fact be , though , that while most all people will `` get it , '' it do not mean they will all appreciate it . it be a very polarizing and one dimensional show , so if you do not like it after 10 minute , you may as well give up there . if you do like it after 10 minute , stay tune , because every episode thus far have be as good as the last . <br /> <br /> like all show , though , it be not perfect . personally I love the program , but there be some huge fault with it . racist song be funny , but get older a lot faster than Silverman seem to realize -- a problem that I have with `` Jesus be magic '' as well . it seem as if Silverman give herself a quota for song per episode that do not need to exist . not to mention that while the lyric to the song she write be good , the music , well , be not . <br /> <br /> another thing to keep in mind be that while this show will for some reason appeal to fan of Monty Python , Upright Citizens brigade , etc. , it be nothing like those show . I can watch Monty Python all day , but , as much as I like this show , I can not watch more than the half hour limit at a time . it get flat very fast . the repeat value for this show be low too -- the second time around a episode be fairly funny , and by the third time , in my opinion , it be boring . <br /> <br /> still , that first time around be very , very funny . give it a shot .
murder in Mesopotamia , I have always consider one of the better poirot book , as it be very creepy and have a ingenious ending . there be no doubt that the tv adaptation be visually striking , with some lovely photography and a very haunt music score . as always David Suchet be impeccable as Hercule Poirot , the comedic highlight of the episode be Poirot 's battle with a mosquito in the middle of the night , and Hugh Fraser be good as the rather naive Captain Hastings . the remainder of the cast turn in decent performance , but be careful not to overshadow the two lead , a danger in some Christie adaptation . some of the episode be quite creepy , a juxtaposition of a episode as tragic as five little pig , a episode that I enjoy a lot more than this one . what make it creepy in particular , put aside the music be when Louise Leidner see the ghostly face through the window . about the adaptation , it be fairly faithful to the book , but I will say that there be three thing I do not like . the main problem be the pacing , it be rather slow , and there be some scene where very little happen . I do not like the fact also that they make Joseph Mercado a murderer . in the book , I see he as a rather nervous character , but the intervention of the idea of make he a murderer , and under-developing that , make he a less appealing character , though I be glad they do not miss he drug addiction . -lrb- I also notice that the writer leave out the fact that Mrs Mercado in the book fall into hysteria when she believe she be the murderer 's next victim . -rrb- the other thing that be not so impressive be that I feel that it may have be more effective if the adaptation have be in the viewpoint of Amy Leatheran , like it be in the book , Amy somehow seem less sensitive in the adaptation . on the whole , despite some misjudgement on the writer ' behalf , I like murder in Mesopotamia . 7/10 Bethany Cox .
excellent episode movie alum pulp fiction . 7 day - 7 suicide . it doesnt get more depressing than this . movie rating : 8/10 music rating : 10/10
in the year 1990 , the world of Disney tv cartoon be certainly at it be prime . show like chip n Dale rescue Rangers , DuckTales and Gummi Bears be already popular , and now Disney make another great cartoon and that cartoon bring the birth of the Disney afternoon . that cartoon be call TaleSpin . it be about old jungle book character Baloo the Bear as he get a job in the plane business . in the series he meet kit cloudkicker , former Air Pirate and good cloud surfer , business lady Rebecca Cunningham and she hyperactive daughter Molly . this series be very funny and have ton of great pun that you may not understand as a kid but understand later on in life . this be one cleverly write series and it be great to add to you dvd collection . parent , buy this for you kid rather let they watch all of those horrible nickelodeon cartoon . if you like TaleSpin , then check out `` darkwing duck '' and `` Goof troop '' . spin it !
Filmfour be go to have to do a lot better than this little snot of a film if they be go to get the right sort of reputation for themselves . <br /> <br /> this film be set in Glasgow -lrb- although only a couple of secondary character have anything approach a scottish accent -rrb- . the premise , about people who be life be go nowhere , who all meet up in the same cafe in the early hour of the morning as they have night job , COULD have make for a really funny , insightful , quirky , cultish film . instead we have a group of self-obsessed saddo and a plot which have be so do to bit I be suprised it have not be ban . x and y be friend . x be sleep with Z. y sleep with z as well . oh you figure it out . <br /> <br /> a total waste of time . painful dialogue - it sound like something that a group of 16 year old would have write for a gcse drama project . the female character be completely superfluous - just write in as a token female in the hope that woman would be cajole into see it . <br /> <br /> if you be the sort of thicko lad who laugh at beer advert and can usually be find wander round in pack shout on Saturday night in nondescript town centre then you will love this film and find it `` a right laff '' . everyone else , run , do not walk away from this sorry little misfit . <br /> <br /> and one question , when the group leave the `` boring '' seaside town -lrb- saltcoat incidentally although they change the name on the film -rrb- , to go back to Glasgow , why do they do it via the Forton motorway service at LANCASTER which be in England ?
I watch the presentation of this on PBS in the U.S. when it originally air in 1988 -lrb- ? -rrb- . assume the miniseries be available on dvd I purchase first edition of all three book last year . since then I have be search for the series on internet movie site . today I find this web site . I will give up the search . <br /> <br /> I too would like to buy this complete - 26 episode - miniseries . after buy the dvd I would read each book , then watch the episode for that book . that be what I do with John LeCarre 's Karla trilogy and Larry McMurty 's Texas ranger trilogy . <br /> <br /> do anyone have any suggestion for great book or book series that become very good tv miniseries - or movie series - that be now available on dvd ?
my dog recently pass away , and this be a movie I love as a kid , so I have to see it to try to cheer up . <br /> <br /> -lrb- beware of dog , I mean Spoilers . -rrb- this movie be not just for kid and it be far from ordinary . it be set in New Orleans in 1939 . First and foremost , the dog be not portray as a extra family member in this film , but as a adult with he own complicated life to deal with . <br /> <br /> in the beginning , Charlie be not too different from he dishonest and brutal business partner , Carface . he be money drive , greedy , and just escape death row , as he state in the start of the feature . the difference between Charlie and Carface be that Charlie can learn and be willing to listen to other ; Anne Marie and he sidekick , Itchy . Carface will not even listen to the fat , ugly dog with the big glass who happen to be closest to he . <br /> <br /> Carface attempt to murder the hero , because he want 100 % of the profit in they business and will not settle for only 50 % - a highly unusual way for a german Shepherd mix to die . also , be eat by a prehistoric size alligator who end up spare you life because you can sing be highly unlikely whether you be a dog or not . this be a cartoon , and that be why it be logical here . <br /> <br /> Carface 's method of revenge be through murder , while Charlie believe success be the best revenge , financial success that be . after survive death , he start a business by take Carface 's source of financing , a highly talented girl who possess the ability to communicate with animal . they win a whole bunch of race , and Charlie tell she he 'll give the money to the poor - hint hint : Charlie and Itchy live in a junkyard , and be therefore poor . he use the money toward he casino/bar/theatre , and not the other `` poor . '' the reason why Anne Marie have the ability to talk to animal be that she have compassion , and she listen carefully . she teach Charlie ethic by point out he gambling , lie , and steal . Charlie try to make up for it by buy she dress . she add the ethic that he business need , while Charlie do management , and Itchy provide construction . <br /> <br /> Carface use violence and property damage to tear down Charlie 's business , which be unprotected by the government . Charlie lose everything and all he have leave be this little girl . in the end he have to choose between she life and he own . he first grab the watch out of self preservation , and set it down when the girl start to sink . both the girl and the watch be sink , and he have to choose which one , and he choose the girl . <br /> <br /> the great part about this movie that focus on a person 's ability to learn right from wrong over time , and a child 's ability to cope with the natural occurrence of death of they pet , be that it never show anyone die ! the watch symbolize he life , and the watch be show be submerge and stop . all the death be suggestive , even for the villain . I do not cry during this movie until now , and I have get so much more out of it , that I have to write it down and share it with you .
this film capture the true struggle with identity that be ongoing in we teenage year . it be really move and it feel strangely like a documentary-not contrived but very real . it be very interesting and unsettling
for a lot of time I be look forward to see this movie , here in Latinamerica japanese or any oriental movie have no distribution in theater , we can find some of those movie in some underground store , and I just find Avalon , I be expect something good , but the only good thing in this movie be the first scene , the rest of the movie be boring and senseless , just plain stupid , with a lot of useless scene , and a boring story . I be waste my time even write about this film . sorry but be the truth .
in Iran woman be prohibit from attend live sport event because of the fear that they will be `` corrupt '' by bad language , close proximity to thousand of man , and the fact that there be no toilet facility for woman in the antiquated stadium . base on a actual incident involve the daughter of the director , Jafar Panahi 's Offside follow six girl , disguise as man , who be refuse entry into the soccer match in 2005 between Iran and Bahrain , a match that will decide whether or not Iran go to the World Cup . in a departure from the bleak , minimalist film we have be accustom to from Iran over the last ten year , Offside be a exuberant comedy that have a patriotic fervor and a universal appeal but contain enough subversive social commentary to warrant its prohibition from screening in Iran . <br /> <br /> shot with a digital camera use non-professional actor who be more than up to the task , the girl try to sneak into Azadi Stadium in Tehran but be arrest and place in a hold area outside of the stadium . they be guard by three young army conscript -lrb- Safdar Samandar , Mohammed Kheir-abadi , and Masoud kheymeh-kaboud -rrb- who express ambivalence about they task but be pledge to follow the rule . the woman be soccer enthusiast , not political activist and cheer for Iran 's victory but this do not deter the soldier from detain they while they wait for the girl to be transport to the Vice Squad and a uncertain future . <br /> <br /> outspoken rather than act like victim , they continually question the soldier about the rationale behind the restriction , make they absurdity quite obvious . although they can hear the crowd noise , the woman can not see the action but achieve a minor victory when they persuade one of the soldier to provide a run commentary on the game . one of the funniest sequence take place when a female `` prisoner '' be escort to the man 's room by a soldier . the young recruit then must cope with a near riot when he have to prevent anyone else from use the facility while the girl be still inside . <br /> <br /> little by little , to paraphrase Adlai Stevenson , that which unite they turn out to be greater than that which divide they and the unlikely antagonist rally behind they country and root for the victory that will send Iran to the World Cup . although the point be make early and often and the film sag a bit in the middle , Offside make a tell point about a society where a political elite with a medieval social mentality have to contend with a grow group of educate and politically astute citizen . one can only hope that world pressure and the awakening of its own people will force the Ayatollahs to come to term with the 21st century .
I watch the film recently and it poorly resemble the book be base on . I blame this on poor screenplay and direction . some part be forcibly introduce -lrb- the gay rape scene -rrb- for no apparent reason . I actually read the book after watch the movie and some 20 year or so after read it for the first time . I find it hard to read and somewhat clumsy . too many disparate idea introduce for no benefit at all ... other than sensational part for the time . as it cover stuff that be deem ` sensitive ' , to say the least , during communism , I can see the fascination it produce at the time . that be not the case anymore though or maybe I see thing differently now or a bit of both . the film try too much to cover many aspect from the book , the result be a concoction of scene that may make some sense to someone who read the book . even so this be a film that be difficult to watch and maybe should have never be make .
everyone in the cast , from Sugiyama to Aoki and Toyoko be someone we know in everyday life . they be so natural , and Sugiyama 's transformation be incredibly believable . the score be so move , it bring I to tear . the choreography be beautiful without seem athletic . Mai 's graceful dancing and charm give I goosebump . Tamako be such a wonderfully delightful character . you can almost see the charmed schoolgirl in she face as she reminisce about see `` the King and I '' . Aoki 's character be both hilarious and pitiful . Masako be so overwhelmingly natural as the bewildered wife , you almost want to hug she to reassure she that everything will be all right . <br /> <br /> this film be truly a keeper .
in this forgettable trifle , the 40-ish Norma Shearer play a fluttery , girlish socialite in Monte Carlo , catch in a tussle between George Sanders and Robert Taylor . it would be tempting to blame this movie 's failure on the dull , talky script , or director George Cukor , who never seem interested in liven up the film 's generally comatose state . mostly , though , it be the fault of Shearer herself , who desperately want to keep play `` young '' part as long as she could get away with it . inadvertently , this make `` she Cardboard Lover '' a bizarre monument to a aging woman 's vanity .
wow , what a total let down ! the fact people think this film be scary be ridiculous . the special effect be a direct rip-off of `` the ring . '' the story ? be there one ? not in my opinion . . just a bunch of flashy imaging . the entire film be a boring , stupid , mess . I guess there be always a market for bad film with good marketing campaign . however , this be the worst horror film I have see in year . and that Buffy chick ? well , she be a bad actress ! as plastic as Barbie and just as talented . . no , wait , that would be a insult to the talent of Barbie ! I suppose many kiddie help this film at the box office as it be pg-13 , and have it be rate R , it would have bomb IMO ! stupid movie !
I do not agree with any of the theology in the leave behind series , but nonetheless I find the book gripping and I read 8 of 12 of they . undeniably good writing and interesting story . however , I do not have very high expectation for the movie . there be no way mainstream Hollywood would have take up a christian series and produce a big-budget movie . so it be do independently ... and it just feel like I be watch a really long tv show . it just do not feel like a movie ; it do not have that movie `` experience '' to it , if anybody know what I be talk about . so the movie suffer because of that , and the low-budget , poor special effect be another detraction for I . <br /> <br /> on top of that , I feel that Gordon Currie be woefully miscast as Nicolie Carpathia . read the book , my impression of nc be that he be suppose to be this charming , dazzling , amazingly handsome guy who speak English with almost zero trace of a accent . so I imagine somebody like Pierce Brosnan in the role . instead , they find some Clay Aiken pencil-neck who look like a employee of the month from best buy , and give he a really bad fake accent . so that lose a few star for I right there . a movie be just not convince when the major villain do not look or sound the way he be suppose to . <br /> <br /> the acting be okay , but nothing to write home about . some of the scene - like one of the conversion scene -lrb- can not remember which one -rrb- - be real seat-squirmer for I . and some of the christian rock music or whatever it be , be really out of place for some of the scene , like in the one with Kirk Cameron pray in the bathroom . <br /> <br /> in short , it be not a bad movie , but it just do not do it for I . Stick to the book , folk , it be much better .
I see this movie with my rock climb instructor , and we find the entire thing so ridiculous as to be beyond pity . -lrb- for one , if Stallone be out free-climbing by himself , there be no need to carry any gear , but I guess those dangling carabiner look sorta `` mountain climby , '' so let 's throw they in -rrb- . for those lobotomize folk who think that Colorado look anything like the Dolomites in Italy -lrb- where the movie be film -rrb- , well the Hollywood mogul have get a lot more ridiculous & foul-smelling stuff for you to swallow .
after dark , my sweet be a great , modern noir , fill with seedy character , dirt road , and , of course , sweaty character . it seem that most of the truly great noir of the last two or three decade have take place in the South , where the man glisten and the lady , um , glisten too . why ? because it be hooooottttttttttt . and because everyone look better wet -lrb- at least the man do - sweaty woman leave I clammy -rrb- . <br /> <br /> anyway - there might be some spoiler in here . <br /> <br /> this film be a wonderful example of everything a noir should be - steady pacing -lrb- though some with attention disorder refer to it as ` slow ' -rrb- , clearly and broadly draw -lrb- though not simple -rrb- character , and ton of atmosphere . noir , if anything , be about mood and attitude . that be why the great one be not mark by you traditional definition of ` great ' acting -lrb- look at Bogart , Mitchum , Hurt , and Nicholson - they -lrb- and they character -rrb- be anything but real - but they have style and sass and in a crime movie that be exactly what you want -rrb- . or quickly pace adventure -lrb- again all great noirs seem to be on slow burn like a cigarette -rrb- . great noir create a environment and you just inhabit it with the character for a couple hour . <br /> <br /> after dark my sweet let 's you do that - and it let 's you enjoy the company of some very interesting and complex character . Uncle Bud and Collie be intriguing - never allow the audience to know what really make they tick - and Patric and Dern -lrb- I love Bruce Dern , by the way -rrb- be pitch perfect , dern especially -lrb- see previous comment -rrb- . they take the basic outline of a character and give they depth and elicit we sympathy . <br /> <br /> the story itself be also interesting . there be better plot in the world of noir -lrb- hardly any mystery here - mostly it be suspense -rrb- , but this one be solid . if anything , the simply ` okay ' plot have more to do with Jim Thompson 's writing than anything else . with Thompson , plot be almost secondary ; he eschew the labyrinthine tale of Hammett and Chandler for simpler story with stronger , more confusing character . look at a novel like the killer inside I and and you 'll see right away -lrb- from the title -rrb- what it be all about . when it come to Thompson , it be not what it be about , it be how it be about it -lrb- to quote Roger Ebert -rrb- . so , really , the relatively simple plot of a kidnapping be not the point and , if you do not like it , well the joke on you . <br /> <br /> why this be a 8star movie rather than a 10star one be because of the female lead . she be not bad , per se , but she be not Angelica Huston or Anette benning -lrb- see the adaptation of Jim Thompson 's the Grifters if you do not know what I be talk about - besides it be a better movie and you should start there for contemporary noir - it be the best of the 1990s and challenge blood simple for the title of best since Chinatown -rrb- . she simply do not have the chop -lrb- or the look for that matter -rrb- and though she and Patric have some chemistry , I do not have it with she . so there .
Goebbels motivation in back down be not explore . in the aftermath of Stalingrad the Reich have decide to go for ` total war ' . this be refer to in the film . part of this be to use woman in the war effort , which Germany have not previously do to any great extent . a ss massacre of woman would have face goebbel with a public relation disaster of massive proportion . he preference be to make the problem go away as quietly as possible , on the basis that the jewish man could always be round up later . I understand the majority survive the war . <br /> <br /> he other problem be that the ` Red ' Berlin have never be very enthusiastically behind the nazi cause and have to be handle cautiously . again a massacre of woman could have cost the Nazis what mediocre level of support they have in they capital city . <br /> <br /> it be interesting that the majority of ss uniform show patch which indicate that the man wear they be not of german nationality , but be from german origin in other country such as Lithuania or Latvia
blood legacy start with the arrival of lawyer Tom Drake -lrb- Norman Bartold -rrb- to the Dean estate formerly own by the now decease Christopher Dean -lrb- John Carradine -rrb- , upon he arrival he be greet by Mr. Dean 's four child , Gregory -lrb- Jeff Morrow -rrb- & he wife Laura -lrb- Merry Anders -rrb- , Victoria -lrb- Faith Domergue -rrb- , Johnny -lrb- Richard Davalos -rrb- plus Leslie -lrb- Brooke Mills -rrb- & she fellum Carl Isenberg -lrb- John Smith -rrb- . Drake play a tape recording of they be late Father 's wish after he death , the estate worth 136 million dollar be to be split equally between he four child , if any should die then the money would be split equally between the rest & if all be to die the freaky servant Elga -lrb- Ivy Bethune -rrb- , Igor -lrb- Buck Kartalian -rrb- & the more mundanely name Frank -lrb- John Russell -rrb- would pocket the lot . well , not satisfy with a quarter share of $ 136 million -lrb- which be still almost $ 35 million back in 1971 which do not sound too bad to I -rrb- someone decide they want it all for themselves & it be not long before decapitate head be turn up in the fridge ... <br /> <br /> co-written , produce & direct by Roy Monson Blood Legacy disappoint I on two account . for starter this film 's alternate & much more common title be Legacy of Blood which be also the title of a obscure horror film direct by Andy Milliagn back in '78 which I have always want to see , both film be regularly mix up as both have similar story & when I check my on screen cable tv guide for Legacy of Blood I be excite because it say it be the Milligan film & even list he as director so when I actually sit down to watch it & I hear John Carradine 's voice & I then know it be not the Milligan film that I have want to see , my heart sink . then , of course , there be the simple yet undeniably straight forward fact that blood legacy be a total utter piece of crap that be literally painful to watch at time . the script by Monson & Eric Norden be slow , boring & extremely predictable . the character 's be absolutely bizarre in a annoying way , the freak of a servant who ask 's he sister -lrb- ? -rrb- to cane he , the strange set of Brother 's & sister who be just downright unlikeable & so far remove from reality that any tension or mystery that the simplistic whodunit story could have achieve be sorely miss & then there be the awful twist end that you can guess within the first 10 minute . it be bore to watch , it be poorly pace & it be just a chore to even think about it . please , someone save I as this be really bad stuff . I could go on all day about how bad blood legacy be , I really could . <br /> <br /> director Monson be either work with a none existent budget or judge by this he should not have even be direct traffic . the entire film look ugly , it be poorly photograph & there be no atmosphere or scare . the blood & gore be tame , there be a axe in a head , a decapitated head , a scene when someone be sting to death by wasp 's & the best murder when someone 's face be eat by piranha . however there be question mark over this scene , so there be the victim , right . there be the tank of piranha , right . victim head be place in piranha tank , right . Pirahna eat victim face , right . water remain crystal clear despite say victim have he face eat , erm where 's the blood ? <br /> <br /> Technically Blood Legacy be terrible , it look awful , the sound be obviously shoot live & it be muffle & hard to hear which consider the terrible dialogue be maybe a blessing in disguise . the acting be not go to win anyone any award that be for sure , the least say about it the better . <br /> <br /> blood legacy be a awful film , there really be not a single positive aspect to it or if there be I can not think of it . do yourself a favour & do not bother with this one , there be much better film out there .
the idea have potential , but the movie be poorly script , poorly act , poorly shoot and poorly edit . there be lot of production flaw ... for example , Dr. Lane 's daughter who never age despite the pass year . wait for video , but do not expect much .
I can remember this movie from when i be a small child , i love it then and I still do now . I manage to get it on dvd for my 18th birthday and be over joy because I have find it so difficult to find it previously and it have only be rent when i be younger . my favourite character be Charlie because he learn to be a good dog . the movie be fill with fun song and music . the animation be brilliant and the character voice be perfect . this movie have always be a tearjerker for I but i think that if i have not see the movie when i be small then i would not find it as brilliant and fascinating as I do although I still believe that I would still like it because I be really into animated movie .
I be dumbfounded . yes that be right . I be really catch here . no way do I find it awful , but on the other hand it be a frustrating experience in macabre hysterical and murky incoherency . the idea behind such a trim , minimal low-budget indie production be not bad , but it be a confused muddle and in the end do not do anything for I . it be amateurish and simple ; it want to exploit beyond reasoning and do so in that of-late fashionably rapid film style . we have the documentary lace -lrb- hand-held -rrb- camera move everywhere -lrb- despite never leave the van -rrb- , and sometimes feel unfocused and blurry make certain detail hard to figure out . lately you kind of get use to it , but there be time when it do become too distracting and even nauseating . keep it still will help . the context have little groundwork -lrb- which have five teenage girl on they way home from a football game late at night and become lose on the back road . at a road-side store they become involve in a minor accident which smash a unoccupied suv headlight . scare , they flee and not too long that one-light suv appear behind they . soon to make they night a unforgettable ordeal in terror -rrb- spending most of the time play out a draw out , noisy and relentless cat and mouse game . <br /> <br /> as for be disturbing ... I guess that depend . some moment can make you squirm with its attention to pain , desperation and demented brutality -lrb- with good use of pierce sound fx that seem to be more favour over the imagery and not forget the alienate background sound effect -rrb- , but also I find myself snicker too . in passage it can be repellent and intense with a real gradual rush , but hardly believable . the injury of random character never seem as serious like you be to believe , despite obviously they should be . watch how blood run freely , but it be not entirely convincing and can get dull . the constant nocturnal car chase could only do so much before get repetitive . we get scream , spew , bleed , run , cursing , body fluid and so on . quite unpleasant detail follow too . with little really to do , it need a much stronger script than the measly forced one that be pen up . too many cringe-moment arise from it , and there be not much in the way of depth for the character and situation they be in . it be about set-piece , wait for next torturous encounter and it draw it out long enough . help out be it have a unpredictable pattern . <br /> <br /> the performance ; Jennifer Barnett , Angela Brunda , Danielle Lilley , Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi be workman-like with they distraught character and draw a authentic chemistry to make up for the script 's weakness in its character-foundation . Veronica Garcia 's flipped-out , bug-eyed intensity as the loony driver of the suv be something ... yeah something . she character 's real motivation for terrorise the girl and she unstable state of mind be virtually non-existent . I guess be psychotic be good enough . now probably the most unnerving thing I come across in the feature be that hideous soundtrack . terrible techno music , to cheesy hard-rock and a overwrought closing score . it never feel overdo or get in the way , but it do stick out like a sore thumb . co-director Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen try to get the most out of they slight resource , but even with it edgy spirit it end up be something quite ramshackle . maybe it be enjoyable to make , but watch it just be not the case .
I like Chris Rock , but I feel he be waste in this film . the idea of remake Heaven can wait be fine , but the filmmaker follow the plot of that turkey too closely . when Eddie Murphy remake Dr. Doolittle and the Nutty Professor , he re-do they totally -- so they become Murphy films/vehicles , not just tepid remake . that be why they be successful . if Chris have do the same , this could have be a much better film . the few laugh that come be when he be do he standup routine -- so he might as well have do a concert film . it also would have be much funnier if the white man whose body he inhabit be a truck driver or hillbilly . so why do Hollywood keep make junk like this ? because people go to see it -- because they like Chris Rock . so give Chris a decent script and give we better movie ! do not remake film that be not that good in the first place !
this be a terrible remake of a marginal , but well like , movie from the early 70 's . I have see the original at least 6 time . the 1997 version be a 20 minute movie ` cram ' into 2 hour or whatever the runtime be . cheesy storyline , which by the way , be completely different than the original . the major government involvement be far-fetched . there be no flow from one scene to the next . in the original you could go get a beer or hit the bathroom and still keep up . <br /> <br /> it only take a few hour movie time to change the oil pan on the car . it take many time longer than that in real life . car guy notice this stuff . also , the fool or fool that choose to trash a 1968 Charger and abuse a 1970 Challenger should be shoot in the heel with a dull bullet . the fact they be not ` car people ' be painfully obvious , and they passing will not be grieve . <br /> <br /> the actor lack any emotion , everything be cut and dry . one step above a monotone . a barmitzvah be more exciting and energetic . <br /> <br /> last but surely not least , the radio DJ make the statement that the Challenger hit the bulldozer at 180 or 185 -lrb- ?? -rrb- . that be total garbage . can you say aerodynamics , or lack thereof ?? Hahahaha !! this movie be a joke . do not waste you time watch this one .
Time paradox be the devil 's snare for underemployed mind . they be fun to consider in a ` what if ? ' sort of way . Film maker and author have deal with this time and again in a host of film and television include ` Star Trek : First contact ' , the ` back to the Future ' trilogy , ` Bill and Ted 's excellent adventure ' , ` Groundhog Day ' and the Stargate sg1 homage , ` window of Opportunity ' . Heinlein 's ` all you Zombies ' be write decade ago and yet it will still spin out people read that short story for the first time . <br /> <br /> in the case of Terry Gilliam 's excellent film , '12 monkey ' , it be hard to establish what may be continuity problem versus plot element intend to make we re-think we conception of the film . repeated viewing will drive we to different conclusion if we retain a open mind . <br /> <br /> some , see the film for the first time , will regard Cole , play by Bruce Willis , as a schizophrenic . most will see Cole as a man disturb by what Adams describe as ` the continual wrenching of experience ' visit upon he by time travel . <br /> <br /> unlike other time travel story , '12 monkey ' be unclear as to whether future history can be change by manipulate event in the past . Cole tell he psychiatrist , Railly -lrb- Madeleine Stowe -rrb- , that time can not be change , but a phone call he make from the airport be intercept by scientist after he have be send back to 1996 , in he own personal time-line . <br /> <br /> even this could be construe as a event that have to happen in a single time-line universe , in order to ensure that the time-line be not alter ... Cole have to die before the eye of he younger self for fate to be realize . if that be the case , time be like a fluid , it always find its own level or path , irrespective of the external force work on it . it boggle the mind to dwell on this sort of thing too much . <br /> <br /> if you can change future event that then guide the action of those with the power to send people back in time , as we see on board the plane at the end of the film , then that mean the future CAN be change by manipulate past event ... or do it ? the film have probably lead to plenty of drunken brawl at bar frequent by physicist and mathematician
I enjoy watch people do breakdance , especially if they do it as well as in the best scene of this movie which take you to a disco club call `` Roxy '' . especially at Christmas time , because there also appear a `` MC Santa Claus '' . <br /> <br /> even if this be a old film , and even if I have videotape it from tv , when the State Movie Archive of Finland show this in the summer of 2004 on they own big screen , I go there to check it out . it be much more enjoyable on big screen than on tv . <br /> <br /> even if many people here think that watch this on big screen be a waste of money for the ticket cost , I disagree with this and I think that when I pay my ticket , I get the money 's worth by see this , as it be on big screen , especially seat on front row of the cinema , a unforgettable experience , and much better than just on video .
cat Soup at first seem to be a very random animated film . the best way I have be able to explain it be that it be quite acidic . though it be not totally random . the story be about Nyatta , a young cat boy and he sister Nyaako . Nyaako be very ill and die , however , Nyatta see she soul be take away by death and be able to retrieve half of it . the story be about they quest to bring Nyaako fully back to life . <br /> <br /> though a lot of the content in this movie seem completely random , it be not . most of it be symbolism for life , death and rebirth . you can also see reference from other tale , such as Hansel and Gretal . this strangely cute short film have a interesting story , pack with a deeper meaning than what you see on the surface of the screen .
imdb list this as 1972 for some reason , but the other source I have see include the excellent program note mark it as ' 68 . do not really matter , except that it be quite interesting to watch this abstract collage of film and video -lrb- one of the first art work to merge the two apparently -rrb- in the context of the Star Gate sequence in 2001 , release the same year . pure abstraction be not really my thing , but I can take it in small dose and the super-saturated optically print color and psychedelic feel of this series of flower , rohrschach blot , bird , etc be pretty compelling and quite beautiful . certainly help pave the way for many other nascent video artist in the 70s , and deserve to be better know .
as a true Elvis fan , this movie be a total embarrasment and the script be a disaster . the movie open with the beautiful son `` Stay away '' and the scenery of the Grand Canyon give the viewer hope of something special . Elvis get in the picture and he talent be waste big time , especially on the rest of the feature song . I sit through this movie twice , just to make sure it be a piece of junk !!! 1 out of 10 !!!
finally be there release a good Modesty Blaise movie , which not only tell a story , but actually tell the `` real '' story . I admit that it be a bad movie if you expect a action thriller , but if you stop in you track and remove all you expectation . then you will notice that it be a story that come very close to the original make by Peter O'Donnell . you have a cover story just to tell about how Modesty become the magnificent person which she be . it be not a movie to attract new fan , but a movie to tell the real tale . some thing could have be better , but when you can not forget the awful movie from '66 then be this a magnificent movie . so be you a fan then sit down relax and just enjoy that the real story be there with a cover story just to make Modesty tell she story .
lucky I ! I get a sneak peak at this pathetic little shot-in-texas ` horror ' flick from Artisan Entertainment a week before it hit video shelf and let I tell you ... I have rarely laugh so hard in my life as I do watch this atrocious megabomb fly off the rail and steal the title of ` worst killer clown movie ever make ' from the insufferably stupid full moon fiasco killjoy -lrb- I be sure many of we horror fan have suffer through that one ! -rrb- from all indication , it be shoot on dv , and it do not really ` look ' all that bad quality-wise for digital , but boy do it ever fail miserably in every other area where it count ! <br /> <br /> the story -lrb- slight and cliche as it be -rrb- go as follow ... a executive -lrb- Ken Hebert , who also script and co-produce with the director -rrb- take skeptical co-worker Tracy -lrb- Amanda Watson -rrb- and horny married couple Mark and Susan -lrb- Hank Fields and Chris Buck -rrb- along on a weekend getaway to a -lrb- yawn -rrb- secluded cabin ` 12 mile ' from the nearest town . on the way there , they pick up a bitchy/slutty hitchhiker -lrb- Melissa Bale -rrb- in a bar and end up at they destination where a nightly campfire tale about a murderous clown stalk the very same wooded area come true when each of the profanity-yackin , pot-smokin ` friend ' disappear one-by-one , with only mutilate doll part leave behind to tell the tale of they fate . <br /> <br /> the killer clown do not even show up in the film until near the end and it look nothing like the demonic depiction of it on the video box -lrb- aside from be morbidly obese -rrb- . it basically spend a hour prance around in the wood , chop up wood and blab nursery rhyme . I can not say enough bad thing about the cast , especially the two guy and the hitchhiker chick , who either deliver they insipid dialogue with a bare minimum of enthusiasm or overact at the most inappropriate time . do not really help that the script be completely and utterly devoid of suspense , originality , intelligence , general coherence or humor . I could go on for day on how inept this film be , how many continuity error there be and how amateurish the whole production be , but I 'll just nod off by point out the whole package be quite a riot in that Boy-This-Sucks kind of way . <br /> <br /> also note that the film have be release here in the US as S.I.C.K. -lrb- SERIAL INSANE CLOWN killer -rrb- . it be currently catalogue under its -lrb- original title -rrb- of GRIM WEEKEND . <br /> <br /> score : 1 out of 10
this be a really nice and sweet movie that the entire family can enjoy . it be about two dog and a cat who be take away to live with someone else for a little while but the animal do not understand and they escape and go to find the family on they own . the cat be name sassy and she live up to she name . chance be the younger dog who know a lot about life on the inside of the pound . Shadow be the older and wiser dog who sens thing . put those three together on a adventure and it make for a happy and fun fill time . there be no special effect of the mouth move so it be not cheesy at all . it be the best talking animal movie that I have see so far . it be a really good movie for family .
in this movie , joe pescus slam dunk a basketball . joe pescus ... <br /> <br /> and be consistent , the rest of the script be equally not believable . <br /> <br /> pescus be a funny guy , which save this film from sink int the absolute back of the cellar , but the other role be pretty bad . the father be a greedy businessman who value money more than people , which be not even well-played . instead of the man be a archetypal villain , he seem more like a amoral android program to make money at all cost . then there be the token piece that be assign to pesci as a girlfriend or something ... i do not even remember ... she be that forgettable . <br /> <br /> anyone who rate this movie above a 5 or 6 be a pay member of some sort of film studio try to up the reputation of this sunken film , or at least one of those million of media minion who can not critique efficiently -lrb- you know , the people who feel bad if they give anything a mark below 6 -rrb- . <br /> <br /> stay away ... far away . and shame on comedy central , where i see this film . they usually pick better .
... ripoff of a dozen better film . particularly Steven Martin 's `` LA Story '' , which at least have the grace to be obviously fictional even though it star he then-girlfriend play he girlfriend in the film . <br /> <br /> yes , naive boy and girl , `` 20 date '' be a mockumentary , although I be not absolutely certain that be Myles Berkowitz 's intent when he start . my impression be that he start the project semi-seriously , then quickly realize that it would be pathetic and not funny unless he make the situation more and more ridiculous . as a result , the whole thing have a uneasy , cheap and insincere feeling about it . <br /> <br /> as someone smartly point out , the film have two of the `` date '' sue and put restrain order on Myles and yet they appear in the film , which would be impossible as it would require a consent form . it also appear to I that the majority of woman who appear as `` the date '' be professional actress -lrb- albiet not famous one , except Tina Carrere -rrb- -- they be simply too obviously pretty , polish , thin and comfortable in front of the camera to be average civilian . <br /> <br /> Mr. Berkowitz make a classic error in only cast this kind of very pretty thin actress , instead of utilize a variety of believable woman , which might have make the premise -lrb- even in a mockumentary -rrb- more believable and funnier . he also skate over what be probably he real-world problem , and which be that both the movie character and the real world Myles Berkowitz appear to be functionally unemployed -lrb- he real life imdb credit be practically non-existent , except this film -rrb- . even in the world of the movie , he ex-wife divorce he for never be employ . I think the viewer -lrb- let alone Mr. Berkowitz 's real life date -rrb- be deserving of a explanation of he manage to live in one of the most expensive urban environment in the US , in a luxury apartment , drive a fancy car and eat out at pricey restaurant when he do not see to have any source of income whatsoever . -lrb- be he drug dealer ? live off he rich parent ? no clue ! -rrb- <br /> <br /> you can get away with most anything in a film , if the joke be really funny . `` 20 date '' be painfully , embarrassingly un-funny . Mr. Berkowitz 's idea of a joke be to have he character , while on restaurant date , announce to he companion how the food serve be likely to give he either diarrhea or constipation -- the WORST kind of childish potty humor . <br /> <br /> it be not very surprising to discover that Mr. Berkowitz never make a film before `` 20 date '' and in the last 8 year , have not make a single film , appear as a actor in anyone else 's film or have a writing or produce credit of any kind . my gut instinct tell I that this film be not finance by `` Elie '' -lrb- the gangster money man who appear off-camera -rrb- but more likely by Mr. Berkowitz 's affluent parent , or perhaps represent a shocking abuse of credit card . Whichever it be , we can all rest easy that we be unlikely to have to see Myles Berkowitz or any of he creative effort ever again . Hallelujah !!!
as I say in my comment about the first part : these two movie be better than most science fiction fan confess . <br /> <br /> the scenario in the second movie be not that move as we do not see the destruction of human civilization , but the aftermath , thousand of refugee flee in tiny space can , protect by only one powerful spaceship . <br /> <br /> but when Battlestar Pegasus appear , the story heat up , carry the battle back to the Cylon Planets . okay , it have a little bit of Mad Max because all they fight for be fuel for they spaceship to travel on to find the distant Earth , but it work for I . it be thrilling science fiction entertainment feature fine actor and decent special effect -lrb- even though those tend to repeat themselves , to say the least :--rrb-_NN -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I would have love a continuation with Starbuck and Apollo on board . instead , we get a second sequel with no name character who prove that the story have work before especially because the feature character be so well-chosen ... <br /> <br /> so thumb down for the production of 1980 , but thumb up for the two movie from 1978 .
with Knightly and O'Tool as the lead , this film have good possibility , and with mccallum as the bad guy after Knightly , maybe some tension . but they throw it all away on silly evening frill and then later on with maudlin war remnant . it be of course totally superficial , beautiful english country and seaside or not.the number one mistake be dump Knightly so early on in the film , when she could easily have play someone a couple of year older , instead of choose someone ten year older to play the part . they miss all the chance to have great conflict among the cast , and instead stupidly pull at the easy and low-cost heartstring element .
what can I add that the previous comment have not already say . this be a great film and the light Sabre duel Star Wars tribute have to be see to be believe !! there be moment of genius throughout this movie , if you can , see it now ! thanks again to Rick Baker who give I this movie many year ago !
if you love long way Round you will enjoy this nearly as much . it be educational , funny , interesting and tense . Charley share the screen with two interesting teammate , two tired mechanic , two excellent cameraman and too much Russ . Ewan make a few appearance but Charley really pull it off alone . he be funny , engaging and still a puddle of stress and doubt . great stuff ! <br /> <br /> the series wrap up in 7 episode . like LWR , the preparation be nearly as interesting as the race . though they cover the in and out of the race well , there could be a bit more explanation of the truck and car , which be merely mention and rarely even see racing . it be a motorcycle movie though and anyone on two wheel will love this . <br /> <br /> the series feature stunning photography as well as a few interview of people mouth . yike . there be another extremely catchy theme song like lwr but this one be not nearly as good as the Stereophonics . <br /> <br /> if you live in the US god know when it will be release so buy it on amazon.uk and watch it on you computer as I do . oh , and be prepare to buy another motorbike .
who ? what ? where ? when ? why ? the acting be terrible . very robotic , rehearse . I have see all of the actor in this film in better role . the screenplay be very elementary . by the end of this film , the story line be tie up . and Jeane Claude LaMarre should be tie up , too . so that he never attempt to write/direct another film .
I have know about Bettie Page for many a year now . the soft-core porn image of she from the 1950 's have since become iconographic and still have a strong draw even today . the `` Bettie Page '' look be also still hugely popular within the hetero fetish world and remain as distinctive today as it do then . so I watch this film with quite a bit of familiarity to begin with . the result do not disappoint . <br /> <br /> among other thing , it be hugely entertaining to see the movie 's recreation of actual figure like Irving Klaw , John Willie , and Bunny Yeager -- all consider trailblazer today . Mary Harron do a excellent job create the desire ambiance of sexual repression and hypocrisy in 1950 's America along with a sexuality that , by today 's standard , be innocent in the extreme . I particularly like the use of monochrome versus color as a visual shorthand for the emotional and spiritual climate Bettie find herself in . <br /> <br /> I think that Gretchen Mol do a excellent job of present the character of Bettie in all she innocent sexuality and all she utter naiveté . Bettie love to look pretty , love the attention , see nothing wrong with nudity , and enjoy dress up in `` silly outfit '' for the camera . the underlie sexuality and deeply fetishistic desire all that evoke be completely lose on she . to this day she still do not understand `` what all the fuss be about '' when it come to she picture or the S&M content of they . <br /> <br /> this be not to say she be uneducated or too simple to understand it be just that she simply do not `` get it '' about fetishism and never will . no harm there . Bettie Page be simply be who she be . the film capture this quite nicely . <br /> <br /> the social atmosphere of the 1950 's depict by Ms. Harron and write by she along with Guinevere Turner make I truly glad I live in the day and age that I do . the hypocrisy and repression combine with the massive ignorance about we sexuality all combine to a frighteningly stifle world . the film well capture this and bring to cheer as Bettie endure it all with she unshakeable faith and she unchangeable naiveté . <br /> <br /> this film be a bit slow at time but hit all the point Ms. Harron attempt and hit they well . I would recommend this film even for those folk with little to no knowledge of who Bettie Page be and what effect she have on american culture . for those with such interest , then this film be a must see .
I know this film be suppose to be so bad it be funny , so I go into it with that expectation . I just find it to be so bad it be murderously boring . the whiny theme song be funny for about 10 seconds , until you realize there be nothing clever about it except its intentionally irritating quality . see thing get splatter with tomato get old in about 30 seconds . there be just nothing clever or funny about the film except for the premise . it could sustain a 3-4 minute comedy sketch maybe , but this be just not a feature film by any stretch of the imagination .
all these reviewer be spot on . I have see many bad film over the year , believe I , and this beat the lot ! <br /> <br /> this be not just a `` so bad it be good '' exploiter waste of time , but a genuine , hilarious , movie atrocity . <br /> <br /> check OUT the white furry monster type thing ! <br /> <br /> WET YOURSELF laugh at Thom Christopher 's `` spell-weaving '' act ! <br /> <br /> GAPE in SHEER A ** e-clenching disbelief ! at the threadbare set ! <br /> <br /> this be one of those `` european co-production '' . no wonder we have so many war . I swear , some of the people take part in ` wizard of the Lost Kingdom ' be not actually aware they be appear in a film ! <br /> <br /> fact ! I originally watch this movie on HTV Wales late one night while suffer from concussion and sleep deprivation . I have to track down a copy several week later to make sure it be really this awful . it be . worse even than Lee Majors in the Norseman , more laughable than all of John Derek 's film , this be , truly , the Citizen Kane of Trash .
make the unfortunate mistake of see this film in the Edinburgh film festival . it be well shoot from the outset , but that be the last positive comment I have about the film . the acting be awful , I wonder if actual gogo girl be hire ? but it be the plot that be truly laughable , in fact that it be laughable and not boring be the only reason I give this 3/10 . <br /> <br /> ** Spoilers below ** . <br /> <br /> I just want to mention a few of the scene that really get the audience laughing : . <br /> <br /> shove the girl in the field : who would have think that a kid shove another kid could be act so badly . a real eye-opener . <br /> <br /> the get on the bus scene : the girl be get on the bus . but , accord to the music , the world be end . <br /> <br /> the roll under the clothes line : wow , this one really demonstrate the plot writer 's skill . in the room , follow by raw meat and skill selling . why not just get she to perform all three ` sin ' at once ? at least then the film might have be slightly shorter . <br /> <br /> the run down the stair of the mall : watch as one of the girl take to flight down the stair pursue by a flesh eat Dau , no wait . . she * be * just walk quickly try not to break she nail . <br /> <br /> the run cover in blood : this be definitely my favourite scene , and a fitting end to the movie . a half marathon in red paint , complete by vault up stair and over the bridge , only to be send fly most unrealistically by a pass car . not only this , but this suicide be undertake by the most self obsess girl in the film , now that be stick to character for you . <br /> <br /> I would like to think that this film be create by a 16 year old and they mate . sadly , have meet the director at the presentation , this be not the case . <br /> <br /> but , if you be in a sarcastic mood , and fancy a laugh with a few mate . . then still do not even think about it .
when I sit down to watch this film I actually expect quite a bit , as the plot take on quite complex issue . use football as launch pad for the complication also be a interesting approach . still unfortunately , despite its bravery of deal with controversial issue as culture clash between muslim and western culture , add generation conflict and prejudice towards gays/lesbians , it let you down towards the resolution with a rather simplistic relief to all the suspense build up throughout the film . this lead I to the impression that the maker take on a little too big a task for themselves to tackle , attempt to be more profound then they manage to deal with . <br /> <br /> however , this do not mean that the film be directly bad , as it be render of the conflict where quite believable and also amusing . the film succeed in be engaging and entertaining in this matter , but as mention above the writer seem to have spin themselves a little too deep . this have lead to some quite unrealistic character behaviour towards the end to confront the surge conflict . by this drop the ball at a time where the maker could really have show brilliance take the film to another level of appreciation . <br /> <br /> even if the film do at no point really attempt to be a profound piece of drama , the setting have so much potential in the plot it become a disappointment when `` the ball drop '' . this way the film move from be a good and reflect comedy to a standard cliché that become ridiculous in its happy-ending . nothing be leave out in the Hollywood like end . so even if the story be engage and one can stomach the large amount of montage , one can not help but roll eye towards the resolution . personally I be close to shout `` finish already !! '' at the screen . <br /> <br /> there be some decent act in the film , and the two young female central character have some good moment . so do they parent and other bi-character . however the handsome irish coach be a embarrassing piece of act , that let the film down quite a bit in term of realism . he do not even appear very likable , but rather self involve despite he good deed , which make the impending conflict between the girl seem a little strained . <br /> <br /> I give the film a 4 , as it be a engaging story and they seek out a nice perspective to approach the subject from . the script and cast have many good believable character , give the audience a chance to recognise either themselves or other . have the let-downs not be this disappointing , I would easily give the film a 7 or 8 . if you enjoy this film , I would recommend the film `` East be East '' , which I think be a as good , if not better rendering of cultural conflict , as well as be amusing and engaging .
I first see this when I be around 7 . I remember what I believe to be a vague outline of what take place . turn out now , 15 year later , that I remember everything with great accuracy because it seem the writer never get beyond make a outline to the story . there be no plot to this movie/cartoon . there be no character development , no back story , no character arc , nothing . the good guy do thing because they be good , while the bad guy do thing solely because they be bad . one unintentionally hilarious part be when someone who you would think to be important die and nobody care in the least . they just shrug they shoulder and move on . there be barely any dialogue either . if you cut out the fight scene and the run scene , you lose 70 % of the movie . <br /> <br /> watch this because you want to see some good animation and for no other reason . or if you like to look at scantily clad hot cartoon chick -lrb- or scantily clad hot cartoon dude -rrb- .
I be watch this on the Star World network overseas which buy american and canadian series that last one or two season like the Jane Show . I think of how many female lead comedy show im actually able to watch on my own , there be Lucy , Bewitched , I dream of Jeanie -lrb- the one with Barbara Feldman -rrb- , and then my mind go kind of blank I can not think of any other , the woman be all support role not the lead . so for I , the Jane Show be in pretty good company . one thing I just think of though . I have watch several thing make in Canada , and I never recall any thing be film in a regular tv series that show snow ! it be all make at the height of summer , LOL ! grant it be a great place to live climate wise in the summer but you would THINK , they would show a little bit of Canada in the winter since that be part of the lifestyle there also . I mean SCTV , just for laugh come to mind as two comedy show that last a long time film in Canada and very little or none be shoot with snow present even though they both do a lot of outdoor shot . I digress but I kind of chuckle at Jane and she obviously liberal way be accuse of racism to she neighbor , and I like the bald guy and he craziness , I find it on par with a UK series call the it crowd -lrb- I think -rrb- another office comedy with a female lead . not by any mean the best comedy ever but for a guy to say he can watch it alone , that say something . if I be with my wife she might really enjoy it since it address sex in the office and stuff like that so might be a good light comedy for couple to watch . 7 of 10 .
I put this movie on in the hotel room to entertain my child the morning we be leave to go home , because I have pack away all they toy . -lrb- Toddlers do not like to watch `` Regis and KAthie Lee '' or `` the View . '' -rrb- my four year old find one scene funny , but tell I the rest of it be `` too silly . '' this be a four year old , folk . anyone over the age of , say , nine will want to kill they television rather than let this one play itself out . <br /> <br /> to say this movie be bad be like say the Holocaust be a little mistake . there be no word for how ridiculous and utterly terrible this `` film '' truly be . the acting be bad , the plot be stupid , and the script be pathetically unfunny . since this be suppose to be a comedy , the fact that you can not even laugh at the badness of the movie make it even worse . Bronson `` Balki '' Pinchot be the worst with some weird fake accent -lrb- irish-pakistani-bronx-cockney-cajun as far as I could tell -rrb- , but all the character be awful . I have not watch a real Laurel and Hardy film in age , but I know that they have to be way better than this . what be the point of ruin a classic comic duo with ... this ? <br /> <br /> bottom line : derivative garbage . avoid at all cost unless you have some freaky Bronson Pinchot fetish . 2/10
my God . this movie be awful . I can not complain about it too much . I go to see it just to be gross out . it do suffice , sort of . it be funny that the most disgusting part of the movie be in the very , very begin where the woman be extremely vividly force to give birth to a horribly mutate baby . <br /> <br /> i also think that it be funny that the most notable actor in the movie be the hispanic soldier , who be a support actor in next Friday . everyone in the movie do a horrible act job . it be some of the worst acting I have ever pay to see . <br /> <br /> i also expect that it would be much more gruesome than the first one . it be not . I expect it to be more gruesome because it be a sequel and horror movie sequel be usually much less successful than they predecessor . I expect it to be more gruesome since gore and violence usually sell a horror movie these day -lrb- grudge 2 , see 3 , Jeepers Creepers 1 & 2 , dead silence -rrb- , but it actually be not nearly as gruesome as the first one , which be yet another disappointment . <br /> <br /> the mutant in the first one be kind of disturbing but the filmmaker be try so hard in this one to make they creepy that they be absolutely hilarious . <br /> <br /> i also hate the entire concept of show the clip of the female soldier 's son on she camera-phone say `` I love you , mommy '' four time . it be stupid to show it in the first place because they be just try to make we feel worse for the vulnerable mother than the rest of the soldier , and it be even more stupid to keep try to make we feel even WORSE for she by show it three more time for no reason . this movie be a joke .
whatever the merit of the film , it be poorly research . as other have point out , the movie show local in Iran speak in Arabic , rather than Persian . that be enough to lose credibility for anyone who have the slightest knowledge of the area or the country . the landscape could not be more different from the actual . <br /> <br /> other factual error : a train be show to be operate in Afghanistan , while Afghanistan do not have railway . the turkish ambassador be wear a Fez -lrb- the red hat -rrb- , whereas the Fez be ban by Turkey much before the time in which the movie be set . the turkish ambassador 's daughter be actually dress as a indian , and indian classical music be play in the background in many scene . I suppose the filmmaker mean to show a exotic woman , and sari be what they decide would make she exotic .
if you be one of those who recognise with pleasure such arcane title as ` book of the Dead ' , ` book of Eibon ' or ` Necronomicon ' , then you should feel right at home with malefique , a film which also feature a occult tome , one with the power to change the destiny of all involve . discover by four french prisoner share a cell , the fearsome object have be place in the wall there by Danvers , a serial killer incarcerate back in the 1920s ; a man obsess with rejuvenation and the black art before he abruptly vanish . finder of the book be Carrère -lrb- Gérald Laroche -rrb- a company embezzler shop by he wife , Lassalle -lrb- Philippe Laudenbach -rrb- who aspire to be a woman but at the same time body-build to execute a escape plan , the halfwit pâquerette -lrb- Dimitri Rataud -rrb- who once eat he baby sister , and the ` librarian ' Marcus -lrb- Clovis Cornillac -rrb- , supposedly drive mad by read , who murder he wife . remind the viewer of Meat Loaf 's equally bizarre , bosomy male in fight Club -lrb- 1999 -rrb- , lassalle begin as the dominant member of the quartet , one who be especially protective of the infantile pâquerette . with the come of the book however , and the overarching need to decipher its dangerous contents , Marcus assume greater and greater significance . at first assure of a early bail , meanwhile Carrère take little more than academic interest in event . suddenly he too need a urgent escape option and , as the prisoner experiment , Danvers ' book start to reveal some of its terrifying power ... <br /> <br /> stage for the most part within a prison cell , and between four or five character , Malefique have a claustrophobic air entirely suit to its subject matter -lrb- as well as the limited budget of the filmmaker -rrb- . only at the start and then at the conclusion do we get to leave the confines of the cell , a necessary opening out which only serve to emphasise the doom , closed-in nature of proceedings elsewhere . more than anything , this be a film about be trap , either as a victim of you criminal past or of occult event now unfold . `` I be go to escape , '' say Carrère at the start of the film , wish more than anything to be able to rejoin he wife and son . whether or not he do it will be at a terrible price , and the great irony of the film be that the ultimate form of a ` escape ' may not be one a man might imagine . <br /> <br /> with all its budget limitation it be greatly to the first-time feature director Eric Vallette 's credit that he film succeed as well as it do . as critic have notice , it be a film with strong freudian overtone - Lassalle 's distinctive mammary and adult breast feeding for instance ; the picture of a vagina which come to life and develop a eye ; the grown man who dissolve back into a foetus ; Danvers ' original placenta fetish ; the dark cell as a primitive womb from which ` delivery ' be await , etc. . with so many interesting aspect to the script Vallette hardly put a foot wrong , and he succeed in create a genuinely unsettling atmosphere out of what , when one come down to it , be just a matter of four guy , four bunk , one folding table and a book . there be a genuine , grow , lovecraftian frisson as the man summon up the unnameable darkness from within its page , while one or two moment - the aforementioned blinking vagina , or what ultimately happen to pâquerette - be unsettlingly memorable . the pacing of many of the dark event in Malefique be deliberate , reject the rapid cutting of many Hollywood production : a video culture approach that often subvert the horrified gaze in favour of quick-fix action and gore . perhaps this be a particularly european manner , as one recall a similar , measure approach to shocking hallucination take in such film as Verhoeven 's the fourth man -lrb- 1983 -rrb- - a film that incidentally also share a particularly nasty image base around a prolapsed eye . <br /> <br /> lense well in 1.85:1 , Malefique benefit from excellent performance and , if for this viewer at least , the conclusion be not as explainable as it might have be , the journey to the final shot be worth take . come so soon after the release of the similarly well-received Haute tension -lrb- aka : Switchblade Romance , 2003 -rrb- , this be another reason to be grateful that good horror film be once again emerge from the french industry , this after a time when it seem the only worthwhile product come from Asia
when I see this movie I hear all the hype , and I hear how people say that Denzel deserve the Oscar alongside he Golden Globe and I believe he must have do a outstanding job consider Kevin Spacey be excellent . I be wrong . I realize that people say this not to anger the african american community -lrb- if they be not african Americans themselves -rrb- . I always hear complaint on how african american be never nominate and how they should have win . sometimes this be true -lrb- not as much nowadays -rrb- because Whoppi Goldberg should have win best actress for the color Purple and the movie should have win best picture . the only reason this movie be so blow up the way it be , be because people see a movie about the -lrb- * semi-spoiler * -rrb- hardship of a african american during a very racist time period and they automatically label it as a masterpiece . <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington be a outstanding actor , but he role in this movie do not affect I whatsoever . I be bore with he in the movie , and he act here be quite similar to he role in Malcolm x but not as good . the audience be suppose to leave believe this man , Rubin Carter , be a saint . people leave the movie worship this man , this hero , and they go out and buy he book , make this hero of a man rich . <br /> <br /> * spoiler * this movie tell the tale of a man who spend the majority of he life in prison mainly for crime he do not commit . of course the crime he do commit -lrb- steal mostly -rrb- be only to survive , nothing more . people feel sorry for he , even though the drug dealer and thief probably amount to as much for the same reason but be look down upon in society . everything in this movie try to portray this man as a saint -lrb- except for the obvious infidelity he have towards he wife and the aggression he show the other man when he meet he wife -rrb- but why would not it-after all , it be he point of view . I do not like movie -lrb- especially Hollywood interpretation -rrb- that be base on `` true '' story because they usually distort the `` true '' part into something else , something not so true . this be he point of view and a Hollywood construction , yet everyone believe it be the truth unquestionably . well I research he past a bit before make any assumption , and he be a very violent man . not only that , there be still a possibility that he do murder those people . if you do not believe I , search for he on the internet , and read the article some people have of he . the boxing match he claim to have win so easily , be actually win by he opponent Joey Giardello and there be tape to prove it . besides that , there be many twisted and purposely leave out fact in this movie . the support cast be the nicest people I have ever see on the face of the Earth and they `` nice and perfect '' persona look difficult to keep up . <br /> <br /> this movie be a Hollywood version of yet another unfortunate true story that be still leave to be tell truthfully . Denzel 's acting be stale , and the support cast 's Mickey Mouse attitude be annoy . the movie also begin very slow pace and be boring .
ok . not bad movie make if it be from a original script . BUT IT be not ! <br /> <br /> which part of `` in this story there be no woman , except for foula and gagoolum '' introduction by Haggard do the producer , director and writer not understand ? I mean , it be pretty plain English . I understand it at age 10 ! . the beauty of KSM be that it contain a spectacular description of three different world , the colonial Africa , the unforgiving desert and kukuanaland , a hidden and isolate kingdom . that should be more than enough for even the most mediocre of producer to work with . but , nooo , they have to throw `` romance '' into it . pathetic . Suggestion to all you poor soul who actually think this would be close to the book . give it up . until a Peter Jackson wannabe come along and `` do it right '' you may as well keep re-read the tome . BTW , there be a sequel book -lrb- actually a pre-quel -rrb- call Allan 's wife . it give background to the story of quatermain . it be a bit creepy but good .
all this dismaying waste of film stock need be Count Floyd pop up every sixty seconds . somehow they get Steve Railsback , Susan Anspach , John Vernon , and Joe Flaherty together on a set and could not get within five mile , about eight kilometer , of a actual movie . boy do this thing suck . there be not one original line , think , shot , or effect from brainless opening sequence to brainless close . the magical , ethereal Susan Anspach of five Easy Pieces - boring . Steve Railsback - boring . John Vernon - boring . the big bug - boring . if this be a scary movie , buttercream gang be a thuglife documentary . <br /> <br /> seriously - every bad movie contain its own explanation of its badness . usually it be in the opening credit - `` write , Directed , and produce by '' one guy . or at the very center of the action be some bimbo so talentless that you know there be one and only one reason this turkey get make . here , you do not find out till the very last of the credit , where the cooperation of about a dozen subfunction of the canadian government be gratefully acknowledge . <br /> <br /> right now I be watch MST 's take on beast of Yucca Flats to get the taste out of my mouth . Ghod , what a improvement .
my favorite memory of this show and the band be when I get together with a bunch of my friend which be NBB hater and have a big bonfire and we take a cd of they song and the dvd of the movie and a bunch of picture of the band member and throw they into the fire and dance a happy jig around the burning stuff while singing `` Ding Dong The witch be dead '' . that be the best thing about the show and this show be stupid with a capitol God this show suck . I hate it so much . get rid of the crappy car . you guy really suck ! you really ruin the whole channel ! no offence or anything but you guy need to get a life , I mean , really , who make a stupid show with a stupid lead singer that can not even sing ! you guy really sound horrible and need to get a life as hobo or something , except Roselina . she be really pretty . but still , you guy reak !
I have never comment on a film before . I watch this movie with my girlfriend last night . I have read comment say this movie stay with you . it do . it be be almost 24 hour and I be still completely affect . this movie leave I question my own self . how can I possibly compare myself to a character such as Ben who be totally selfless . I love this movie . I love movie that keep I guess and wonder until the end . I feel two emotion predominantly , happiness and sadness . a amazing feel good movie and a very sad one too . I so want Ben and Emily to be together , but in the end , they be , forever . if you have not see this movie , get it and watch it . just make sure you have no distraction . you 'll want to see every nuance in this picture . one for my library .
`` Kalifornia '' be one of my all-time favourite movie , and it easily could be label as one of the best psychological thriller of the 90 ` s . the film have a very stylish surface to it , but behind that be a lot of disturbing and honest depiction of homicidal maniac and the terrifyng violence they inflict upon other . one of the film ` s strongest aspect be it ` s performance , Brad Pitt be startlingly great as a trailer-trash psycho name early . Pitt potray he frightening character almost flawlessly . Juliette Lewis be equally as good play he naive girlfriend , she innocence be almost heart-breaking . `` Kalifornia '' have a very simple plot to it , that go steadily and slowly forward for about a hour , but it suddenly plunge into a harrowing spree of murder , as Pitt unleash he psychotic personality . there be alot of shocking scene , and it all mount to a power-house climax that will haunt you for day . `` Kalifonia '' be a film that should really be watch for it ` s intense look at how monstrous a human being can be , and not only for it ` s violence and gore .
hello , I be alanrickmaniac . I be a still crazy-holic . it be just another movie I watch partly on tv . then I have to get the video tape to finally find out how it end . then I want the dvd , because the tape show first sign of decay after a few week . after the dvd I have to lay my hand on the soundtrack . then on several film poster and the film script . right now it have become that worse that I try to push other people into addiction with my website and still Crazy party . <br /> <br /> how could that happen ? what drive I into addiction ? <br /> <br /> ok , it be one of those funny but somehow sad and melancholic intelligent comedy like only the British can produce . <br /> <br /> Alright , the movie be world apart from stuff like '' this be spinal tap '' , because of the character , that be not childish or ultra cool , but real . this be a story about man get older , too . a story about man get along with each other . or do not . it contain some of the best actor possible . Tim Spall . Stephen Rea . Bruce Robinson . Jimmy nail . and Bill Nighy . Bill Nighy who put on one of the best performance I have ever see in a film . <br /> <br /> good , the soundtrack be unbelievable . Foreigner 's Mick Jones have write the song for the imaginary band Strange Fruit . Jimmy nail who play bass-man Les Wickes and Bill Nighy portray the egocentric but awkward singer Ray Simms be really singing . we know that about Jimmy nail , but if you have only hear Bill Nighy 's singing in `` Love actually '' , you have no idea how great and powerful he voice be . <br /> <br /> Well , you 'll fever for every scene to come for the x-th time , especially those concert scene . you would die to be able to really stand in the dancing crowd when Strange Fruit be do `` all over the world '' , singing on the top of you lung . you long to cry and celebrate with thousand of people the rebirth of the real strange Fruit at Wisbech 's festival stage . <br /> <br /> it be hard but ... I be addict to this film . I be addict to Strange Fruit . if there be a world where this band really exist I would like to move there . <br /> <br /> get still Crazy ... anyone ?
cb4 be awful , but it may have give Cundieff the idea to it better . more like spinal tap than anything else , the film be clever from the start . surprising anyone who see it back in the mid ninety . the performance be play for laugh but not so much so that they be cartoon character , more like Marx brother . these guy be real and slightly diverse . they react to situation like any of we might . well , we may not throw a tantrum when we performance hat be late to the gig , or pull gun and beat down a record company exec , but you get the picture . n -lrb- n *** as -rrb- w -lrb- with -rrb- h -lrb- hat -rrb- take itself seriously enough to reel you in , then you be hooked . rent or get this at all cost , even if you be not really into rap music , this will still leave you gas out loud . compare this to cb4 be like compare George Lucas ' Star Wars to Gil Gerards ` Buck Rogers ' I think you see my point
as a former 2 time okinawan karate world champion , I like movie about sacrifice for sport . but this movie be about so much more . this movie be so good and so deep . I have recently be plague by very serious injury and pretty much a disastrous lack of passion . almost light out for I . and this silly little movie touch I so deep that like out of a daze it remind I about what life be suppose to be about . this be a movie about living . live you life for yourself and respect for other . Empowerment . God , bless `` Bend it like Beckham '' I believe it be a true gem .
the first time I watch Cold Case be after it have run for about a year on danish television . at the time it come to the tv it nearly drown in 4 or 5 other american crime show air roughly the same time . <br /> <br /> I see it and I be bore to death . the substandard actor with the self righteous face and moral be a pain in the behind . the entire premise that so much money be give a team of investigator to solve murder date back 10-20-30 or even 60 year seem so unlikely . <br /> <br /> the time be also a factor as they only have 50-60 min to tell the story which mean that they get a break through just in the nick of time to solve the case and bring justice to survive family member , if they be still alive . this combine with the `` personal '' problem and relation of the investigator which there have to be time for leave the show a complete lackluster . <br /> <br /> I give it a 2-star rating because of the music i the end which be really the only reason for watch it ... which you then of course will not do as that be too lame a reason for watch this crap .
whether it be three guy in they tighty-whitey rap to a dude bind in twine or a girl say `` what up , dog ? '' to a lump of roadkill , there be something please everyone in Knuckleface Jones . it be strange and surreal and not altogether a completely comprehensible yarn ... yet it never lose you . the first time I see it , I nearly laugh myself sick . and every night after I would come home and watch it again . forget Coyote Ugly ... this be the movie that cement my crush on Piper Perabo . see it ... before it be too late !
this movie be the first time movie experience for several people in the cast . all of they be experienced actor and have play in several tv series and play . Sahan Gokbakar be a well know comedian in Turkey . it be kind of strange to see he in a thriller , while he be at the peak of he comedy career in Turkey . this movie be Togan Gokbakar 's first long shot and pretty much the first experience as a director . but they all do a good job . we be happy to see such enthusiastic young cast . they seem very promising for the future of the turkish film industry . Doga Rutkay be long time sweetheart of Sahan Gokbakar , be also a talented actress , who be know for she recent play in `` number 27 '' theatrical play and several tv series .
this movie be horrible . <br /> <br /> they do not develop any of the character at all and the storyline be play out horribly . it be a definite sleeper . you would expect the action scene on a movie like this to be its strong point but d-war surprise you with even a let down in that department . <br /> <br /> also , the acting be just a step above the level of a low budget porno flick . and I seriously mean that . <br /> <br /> I be actually happy to see the end credit on this one cause it be just that bad !!! please , whatever you do people , do not waste you time and money on a crappy movie like d-war .
not as bad as you have hear . there be actually some funny part and Affleck and Applegate have fairly good chemistry . Applegate , in particular , be appeal and likable as Affleck 's love interest . James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara be consummate professional . they be pretty good in just about everything . in the end , `` survive '' be not the worst holiday movie you 'll ever see . <br /> <br /> unfortunately , it be unfocused and much of the comedy be force . the attempt at dark humor come off as dour . Affleck try hard to be endearingly spastic and overenthusiastic but come across as disturbed . he character 's cartoonish nature be bring into high relief when view next to Gandolfini and O'Hara 's more muted , believable performance . even by the relax standard of holiday movie , you never fully buy into the set-up of Affleck `` rent '' this family for x-ma . <br /> <br /> there be also scene that border on the surreal in they strangeness . the x-ma eve scene replete with incestuous humor -lrb- a son be discover look at naked , provocative picture of he mother -rrb- that not only be not funny or believable but disturbing . <br /> <br /> to make matter worse , the color in this film be muddy , almost noirish . the house set on which most of the movie take place look stagey and cheap . <br /> <br /> `` survive '' be mostly of interest as the fourth in a string of box office dud -lrb- paycheck , Gigli , Jersey Girl , and this -rrb- for Affleck . it remain to be see how last the damage will be .
<br /> <br /> what a absolutely crappy film this be . how or why this movie be make and what the hell Billy Bob Thornton and Charlize Theron be do sign up for this mediocre waste of time be beyond I . strong advise for anyone sit down to catch a flick : DO NOT waste you time on this ` film ' .
I find the character mediocre and the story uninteresting . I never have to read this book -lrb- thankfully -rrb- , or it would have be a painful experience . I get the ticket to the preview for free but it still be not worth my time , or my friend 's . I think this story be not worth tell . it be like say that old people have a past before they get old -lrb- no kidding -rrb- . the life of the main character be painful to watch , one generation no better than the next at avoid stupid mistake . however , I think the actor do the best they could with a lame story . I have always be a big fan of Ellen Burstyn . I be write this review to counteract the positive review give , which unfortunately convince I to give this movie a try .
the first few minute of `` the Bodyguard '' do have a campy charm : it open with crawl text from the Bible -lrb- the part that Samuel Jackson recite to he soon-to-be victim in `` Pulp Fiction '' -rrb- , continue with two karate school teacher in New York argue about the eternal question of mankind -lrb- who be better ? Sonny Chiba or Bruce Lee ? -rrb- , and then chiba appear , play himself ; he immediately stop a plane hijacking and break a bottle in two with he bare hand . unfortunately , any entertainment value , intentional or unintentional , soon get crush by the disjointed story , the lack of action for long period of time , and the poor quality of any present action . to keep it simple , here 's why `` the Bodyguard '' be a unbearable movie to watch : <br /> <br /> 1 -rrb- you do not know what be go on . <br /> <br /> 2 -rrb- there be barely any fight . <br /> <br /> 3 -rrb- the fight that be there , be short and terribly film . <br /> <br /> Sonny Chiba be cool . Judy Lee be gorgeous , she face be glorious . it be only for they that I give `` the Bodyguard '' a 2nd star out of 10 . this movie make 87 minute feel like 5 hour .
this be probably one of Brian De Palma 's best know movie but it be not he best . body double , the fury and Carrie be better movie but this movie be better than Blow out and obsession . De Palma be very influence by Hitchcock and this movie be a take off on Psycho . Angie Dickinson be a bored housewife who be think of have a affair and after she psychiatrist , play by Michael Caine , turn down a offer , Dickinson meet a man in a art gallery and she wind up sleep with he . after this point it be best you do not know what happen but there be a murder and Nancy Allen be a call girl who get a look at the killer . Dennis Franz be the detective on the case who really do not trust Allen and she have to find the killer herself . it be a pretty good movie but be not one of De Palma 's best .
Anurag Basu who co-direct the flop kucch to HAI make he debut in this film <br /> <br /> the film be ahead of it be time in a way though it have a story not to different and it come closest to HAWAS which release 1 week before and luckily this be better and do a better business <br /> <br /> the movie start off well , Malika 's guilt be well show at the start though the scene with emraan - Malika be too crude/vulgar <br /> <br /> the scene between Emraan and Malika be well handle and the twist in the tale where Ashmith confront Emraan be brilliant <br /> <br /> the pace move fast and the viewer be keep on the edge but the second girlfriend track of Emraan be not fully convincing <br /> <br /> also the cop track seem half baked <br /> <br /> the finale be too filmy too <br /> <br /> direction by Anurag Basu be good music be a winner , all song be fab camera-work be stunning <br /> <br /> emraan play he naughty streak very well , this be the role that give he stardom and though he keep play such role and get annoying in this film he be superb Ashmith too be good in he role for once , he do a nice job and one of he only good performance and he look good too Malika be brilliant in she role esp in the second half but she dial delivery be at time not up to the mark sadly rarely she show such potential in other film Raj Jhutsi be okay
see a photo of a man be attack by zombie give I hope that Lucio `` Zombi '' Fulci might be up to he old trick . unfortunately , other than the close up of a rot corpse , there be little to recommend in this story of the murder of a wealthy man and he daughter 's quest to figure out who kill he . none of the character be appeal and by the time you find out how they do it -lrb- that twist , at least , be cool -rrb- , you stop care . the only good thing I can say be that it make more sense than nightmare concert !
Adrian Pasdar be excellent be this film . he make a fascinating woman .
one can deal with historical inaccuracy , but this film be just too much . practically nothing be even close to truth , and even for the era , it be see as silly . <br /> <br /> in defense of ford , it be reveal on a old talk show , that he be operate on the story as tell to he by the real Wyatt Earp , who be obviously old , senile , and replay the scene he own way . Earp tell the director about the stagecoach , and how it be plan to happen during the stagecoach arrival , so despite what other historian claim , Wyat himself assert that it be premeditate . <br /> <br /> this movie portray Earp as a honest man , and also he brother . history do not exactly say they be or be not . most people like to interject a bit of deceit and lawlessness into they character , but that be nothing new . the truth be probably closer to they be the law abide sort of GUNFIGHT at the ok corral . man who see it as a career , and believe I , in the old West , you do not have time to think about too much else . <br /> <br /> character that do not exist , character depict die at the corral who really do not , all make this a weaker film . it be further weaken by mature , who really do not make a convincing Doc . he may be the worst cast choice ever for Doc , but at the same time we must remember that older movie be closer to the era and closer to a feel for the truth . after all , ford do get information first hand from Wyatt Earp . <br /> <br /> it be also weaken by the all so predictable event involve the mexican girl . Hollywood be very pro nazi in those day , and ready to kill off brunette woman in very predictable fashion to show they patronage to Hitler idealism . this occur in most movie until the eighty . it be no excuse , and do cheapen the art , however . <br /> <br /> the actor who play the Earps do well , and Brennan be always a thrill . in fact , mature may be the only act downside of this flick . still , it be the weakest of the old ok corral movie .
well where to start here ? Straightheads present I with a bit of a dilemma . have this film come out of Italy in , say , 1975 , be direct by Ruggero Deodatto and star David Hess , then I would be lap it up faster than Labrador drink water on a summer 's day . because whilst Tarantino and Rodriguez be busy elsewhere with they homage to grindhouse cinema , Dan Reed have produce a rape/revenge grindhouse picture of he very own in England , and on seemingly the same budget as it would have take Rodriguez to turn Rose McGowan 's leg into a machine gun . because if you want to play grindhouse bingo , then let I call out the ` number ' : <br /> <br /> 1 . Rich , high fly career woman meet a bit of rough from the wrong side of the track in a implausible manner and , equally implausibly , get the hot for he . check . <br /> <br /> 2 . gratuitous shot of say high-flying career woman in various state of nudity . check . <br /> <br /> 3 . convoluted and highly unlikely plot development that set up character that exist solely to do what they do and who can not be imagine to have any existence outside the scene they be in . check . <br /> <br /> 4 . unnecessarily graphic rape scene perpetrate by a gang of male with no discernible depth of personality or background other than they be there to rape . check . <br /> <br /> 5 . gritty and bloody scene of murder and revenge to round it all off . Bingo ! <br /> <br /> Plotwise , Straightheads be pretty basic stuff : Dyer meet Anderson and she invite he to a party at a country pile own by she boss . on the way home , they upset three local in a Landover who take they revenge by give Dyer a good shoeing and gang rape Anderson . the couple then set about get they revenge . so far , so `` Straw Dogs '' , `` late night train '' , `` House on the Edge of the Park '' , `` I spit on you grave '' etc etc. . so why do not I think much of this film ? a number of reason : I suppose first off , have the likes of Gillian Anderson in the cast prima facie lead I to expect better , but it be the complete lack of honesty here than rankle most . <br /> <br /> because whenever anyone sit down to watch Hess and he ilk terrorise woman and murder they menfolk in those period piece from the 70 's , then they always know exactly what they be get - low budget quickie design solely to shock and appeal to the lowest common denominator . the baddy terrorise and murder the goody , the goody turn the table on the baddy and kill they back , and everyone go home satisfied , they desire to see a bit of nasty violence slake and safe in the knowledge that the world order have be restore . <br /> <br /> as writer and director however , Dan Reed clearly believe Straightheads have far more to say on the state of the human psyche than that , and desperately try to imbibe he film with a philosophical depth that be simply not there . for instance , when Anderson and Dyer be plan revenge on they attacker , they learn that one of the rapist have a fourteen-year-old daughter who be a object of lust for the two man he hang around with . when Anderson finally meet he face to face , he confess that he only rape she as a distraction so that he two mate would take they attention away from he daughter !!! the casual and audacious way that Reed drop this little revelation into the plot be simply jaw-dropping , it be almost as if he expect this simple reference to paedophilia to be enough to throw the audience 's moral compass into overdrive and make they leave the cinema think they have just sit through something of significance . to make sure we ` get it ' , at this point we be show a run through of the rape sequence for a second time , ostensibly from the view of the attacker and he concern for he daughter , but Reed ensure that we get plenty more shot of Anderson rough-handled and rape across the bonnet of she car . gratuitous do not enter into it . <br /> <br /> after be tell he reason for rape she , Anderson tie he over a table , ram the business end of a sniper rifle -lrb- complete with bulky silencer , just in case anyone be not clear on the phallic imagery -rrb- up he jacksie but lack the courage to pull the trigger , tell Dyer -lrb- who have no such moral qualm -rrb- that ` it be over ' . Dyer argue otherwise and they moral dilemma be present as something that Wittgenstein and Russell may have discuss in they room back at Cambridge over tea and cake . it be almost unwatchable in its ludicrousness . <br /> <br /> in fairness , Ms Anderson act she gut out throughout the film . it be obvious she want to leave Scully far behind and , bless she , she certainly do that ; one wonder what Mulder would have make of he erstwhile partner squat down to take a leak at the side of the road and then sodomise a man with a gun ? Dyer , on the other hand , do what he be do in virtually every film he be make to date - that be , play a gor blimey guv cockney type chappie with a roguish grin , a cheeky line of patter and a face that most people would never get tire of punching . this be particularly true at the closing scene where , after murder he assailant in cold blood , Dyer gaze at the camera in , what I be sure be mean to be , a look of existential anguish that invite we to sympathise at the hand fate have deal he and the moral quandary he have have to overcome , but instead be far more reminiscent of Oliver Hardy look exasperatedly at the camera after Stan have land he in yet another fine mess . which incidentally , sum up this film quite nicely .
this be the single worst movie I have ever see . I can not express how bad it be . I honestly want to kill myself several time through this atrocious experience just to have the pain end . I recommend instead of see this movie , you bathe in acid then you will at least know a fraction of the pain without all of the scar . <br /> <br /> I have such high expectation when I read the back of the dvd case , and when in the begin it add that Jesus be follow they I be so excited ... then by the end I want to kill myself . I mean a twenty-three minute introduction to the most annoying character in the history of cinema ... just pain ! monkey could have do a better job editing this trash . at least they would have throw fece and blur some of the garbage . it would have make it better to have not see any of the horror . <br /> <br /> it be not that I do not get the joke , it be that they be not only not funny , they repeat themselves like twenty time . apparently , something be not funny unless you see it like a million time . <br /> <br /> do not under any circumstance see this . people have rate ` Manos the Hands of Fate ' as the world worst movie . I have see that too and agree that it be bad ... but ala it be only the second worst . ` Fatty drive the bus ' be by far worse . <br /> <br /> this deserve all kind of harsh language , but I can not write that here so just imagine I swear a whole bunch .
Cecil B. deMille 's 1922 parlor-to-prison tearjerker Manslaughter find the lovely Leatrice Joy as a good-at-heart but decadent young lady with more money than she know what to do with . she recklessness lead to imprisonment , which in turn lead to she regeneration . Thomas Meighan be the crusading district attorney who have make it he personal crusade to bring out the goodness and wholesomeness in Lydia -lrb- Joy -rrb- but he get sidetrack by alcohol and once she be release , it be up to she to rescue he ! <br /> <br /> if the plot do not sound too bad , you 'll be floor by the woeful presentation . the quality of deMille 's direction be very low , and he do not show any particular skill that be unique to he . the photography be standard and flat , and the editing be hardly more dynamic . one could easily classify it as a fashion show and be pretty correct . DeMille get to dress Miss Joy up in so many different type of clothes -lrb- evening gown , golfing costume , motor costume , pile of fur -rrb- that it be subtitle could be ` fashion of 1922 ' <br /> <br /> one thing more disappointing than the photography or editing or the direction be the act , which be mostly flat and wooden . when it be not , it be merely routine silent gesturing , roll eye ball , twitch eye brow and deliberate point and arm movement . what would have be enliven for modern viewer by mugging and scene chew of some of the worst silent film , be here merely dull to watch . the only member of the cast who succeed in any form of excellence be Lois Wilson , who be not only beautiful but be able to play she role naturally . she be convincing and endearing in tearful close-up , as long as you do not read the moralize title card that follow once she open she mouth to speak . like I say , everybody else be droningly routine , Joy , Meighan , even Julia Faye . she performance here make a good argument for why she never attain true stardom . <br /> <br /> the worst and most amusing part of this movie be the heavy moralistic tone that carry through all of it . Meighan 's character have plenty of intertitle where he drone on about how the youth of America be decline in it be moral stance , and go right back to the decadence of Rome . -lrb- insert absurd flashback -rrb- this movie 's moralizing have be describe as victorian , but it be further than that . it have so little bearing in reality that I have a feeling audience at that time do not take it any more seriously than modern viewer could . <br /> <br /> this movie be exactly what the unknowing tend to think of as a ` typical ' silent movie , with it be archaic moral structure , wooden acting and bad direction . DeMille show that he could be a terrible director , with no sense of pacing , camera placement , or skill in handle either script or actor . I can not imagine anybody in they right mind take it seriously . boring , slow and idiotic , I recommend it to hardcore silent movie dork like myself only .
people be be too hard on the film . sometimes we should just sit back and enjoy the story without attempt to `` review '' it . <br /> <br /> the whole thing come together when Hackman decide not to pull the trigger but he target still go down . then the fun begin as everyone about he also `` go down '' . <br /> <br /> just think JFK and all the people associate in any way with he assassination , who be life end abruptly and in questionable way and you 'll appreciate what be imply in this film . <br /> <br /> I think it be a excellent interpretation of what may well have occur . though the EXACT story line my not have be follow -lrb- hindsight here after read Jim Maars `` Crossfire '' -rrb- but it be what be imply that be of interest . <br /> <br /> I would love to get a copy of it to view it again . in light of what be know today , the Domino Principle be right on .
`` like the first touch of pleasure and guilt , like a spontaneous youthful flirt of fascination and fear , like a climax of contrary emotion '' say one of the movie buff after view LOVE at the top , the misinterpret title version of stylish director Michel Deville 's LE MOUTON ENRAGE . <br /> <br /> Vincent Canby in New York Times , however , just after the 1974 premiere of the movie state : `` love at the top which open yesterday at the 68th Street Playhouse , be a 1973 french comedy that dimly recall a number of nineteen-fifty english comedy about the rise and rise of cynical young man possess -- and possess by -- ambition . '' yet , the significant difference that he mention be the fact that love at the top be not concern with the English class system ... -lrb- January 27 , 1975 -rrb- <br /> <br /> have leave the evaluation up to single individual , of course , the test of time have do its just job . what may be say with certainty after more than 30 year be that we can hardly find such movie like LE MOUTON enrage where decadence appear innocent , where liaison appear youthfully enthusiastic , where feeling occur so manipulative . <br /> <br /> for Romy Schneider 's fan , it seem useless to point out that this film be a must see , not only because she give a unique performance -lrb- as she do in all of she role -rrb- at the heyday of she career -lrb- 9 year before she sudden death -rrb- but because she be particularly attractive here . it be not TRIO INFERNAL where the , so to say , ` force escape ' from and the mockery of Romy 's sweet image haunt for year by saccharine Sissi meet its most discouraging manifestation , but a film where the brilliant actress be give a fair role . she play Roberte , a woman who become the object of lust for the story 's lead , playboy Nicolas Mallet -lrb- Jean Louis Trintignant -rrb- . it be he who take financial profit from lustful liaison . this movie can boast truly memorable and unique shot of Romy and she be give some of she very best scene . Romy 's sex appeal be unforgettable here . <br /> <br /> another strong point of the film be its execution of the content with a development of individual perception . immoral as it may seem , the director make a perfect use of contrast : convention vs pleasure , innocence vs decadence , genuine lust vs instrumental affair . Nicola own most of the feature that viewer may like or detest , may find attractive or disgusting ; yet , he be the feature the viewer must treat seriously , more to say , they be the one we all must accept . that be why , one be lead to a peculiar , gently wild , erotically unique world of the main character . although he sleep with lot of woman , there be two woman that represent a sort of contrary world for Nicola : Roberte Groult -lrb- Romy Schneider -rrb- and Marie-Paul -lrb- Jane Birkin -rrb- . he manipulate they , make love to they , can not refrain from both desire for they body and desire for money ; yet , he perceive they differently . yet , despite all of this ` adult maturity , ' he be emotionally like a little boy who play with a toy-car on the table - a sort of ` detailed insight into male mind ... ' in a comedy-like way , of course . <br /> <br /> finally , there be very good performance , which make LE MOUTON enrage slightly underrated . not only the aforementioned Romy Schneider do a brilliant job supply the viewer with a extraordinary insight into she role , but young Jane Birkin appear to be convince in the role of young , inexperienced streetwalker Marie Paul , Jean Louis Trintignant make it possible to see Nicola in the right way . this artistic merit lie in performance go with terrific music by Camille Saint-Saëns , the tune that will ring in you ear for long . therefore , apart from some flaw of the movie like dated color , slow action -lrb- sometimes -rrb- , possible clichés -lrb- notice by some viewer -rrb- , the merit should be find significant . <br /> <br /> LE MOUTON ENRAGE , in sum , be a clear manifestation of contrary manipulative tool in life . it be worth see as a moment in Romy 's career , a prelude to strong eroticism , a chain of contrary emotion , of love and hatred , appreciation and disgust compare to the first orgasm and the first angasm ... but be not we , human , ` viewer , ' movie buff build upon such contrast ?
utterly brilliant . powerful and evocative . the most compelling documentary series ever make concern war . it be tone offer a stark contrast to the often gung-ho attitude towards World War 2 that the media exhibit . rather than opt for scream about the horror of war , it allow Sir Laurence Olivier 's quiet voice to take a back seat to the true image of war : corpse everywhere , explosion , terrify citizen and soldier , break man , indifferent politician , mistake that cost thousand of life , the suffering of the innocent . most of all it truly bring home that mankind be capable of when all normal rule of `` civility '' be remove . there be something distinctly hobbesian about man in a true state of nature , he will return to a more beastly form capable of crime that will still shock and fascinate 60 year on . perhaps there could be a follow up series call `` the century at war '' for the twentieth century be truly the century of horror . I feel it be a irony of immense magnitude that it take a event which cause the death of 50 million people to produce such a compelling and excellent series such as this .
I have not see this movie , but I must . have read all three of Thor Heyerdahl 's book -lrb- Kon Tiki , ra and Aku Aku -rrb- I be actively look for a copy of this movie . <br /> <br /> the thesis that Peruvians migrate to Polynesia be alive and well . consider that this crew have no gp , and only a old fashion valve -lrb- tube -rrb- radio with a 6-watt output , they voyage be heroic to say the least . <br /> <br /> please reply to this message if you can tell I the location of a copy of this video . <br /> <br /> I would be interested in buy it .
it be my opinion that when you decide to re-make a very good film , you should strive to do better than the original ; or at least give it a fresh point of view . now the 1963 Robert Wise tell of Shirley Jackson 's remarkable novel `` the haunting of Hill House '' be worth the price of admission even today . now fast forward to 1999 and the re-make . I be leave shake my head and ask , why ? the acting be wooden , the story unrecognizable and the whole point seem to be to replace the subtle horror of the original with as many special effect computer can generate . I have hear that this update be bad ; but could not believe it be that bad , consider the source material . I be wrong . after watch this and say to my wife how awful it be , she say ; `` well they get you money ! '' she be right , do not let they get yours . if there be no profit in make lousy re-make , maybe they 'll stop make they or come up to a higher standard that do not insult they audience
a serious comedy . Ross hunter-produced movie version of the french play `` Les Joies de la famille '' -lrb- later americanize as `` a very rich Woman '' -rrb- be plush , well cast , occasionally funny ... and unfortunately timeless . a wealthy California widow , who appear to be fritter away she money , be railroad by she two grow , greedy daughter , both of whom be afraid mama rosie be carelessly spend they inheritance . the whole issue of a vital -- but aged -- woman send to a rest home against she will , and later have to prove herself sane in a court hearing , be touchy material for a comedy -lrb- and to he credit , director David Lowell Rich do not overload the picture with crass gag or obvious sentiment -rrb- . some of the humor be a little broad and do not work , yet Rosalind Russell understand the gravity inherent in this scenario and never hit a false note . Sandra Dee be also good as Rosalind 's granddaughter , and James Farentino be very charming as a young lawyer . the movie have so much to say about the importance of we elderly , and the way in which they choose to spend they remain time , that the seriousness of `` Rosie ! '' 's theme almost get lose in the rush to a happy ending . the picture leave you smile -- and at the same time wonder how many older lady there be who be never quite so lucky . *** from ****
very good point there : `` only a elite few -lrb- the upper class -rrb- would both have access to the internet and be able to communicate on a exclusively english speak site such as the IMDb '' some might think internet be not reality but this point of view really put media society and democracy at stake : you be probably right . . even if there be internet cafe 's in Venezuela most Chavez supporter will not afford to even rent a computer for half a hour to comment on IMDb . <br /> <br /> screw you faschist upper class rich right wing capitalist liberal intellectual surpressor . . probably this be you first time use internet ;-rrb-_NN . .
well after three time through I still have no idea what this movie be about because , quite honestly , it fail to generate any real interest or concern . but here it go : a bunch of too old to be teen Teen Actors dress in horrifying latter 1980 's fashion -lrb- do WE look like that too ?? -rrb- decide it would be a really good idea to get in a motorboat and go visit the abandon Alcatraz after one of they have nightmare of people be slaughter in various horrifying way that manage to rip off POLTERGEIST , the evil dead , and Freddy Kreuger in one fall swoop . the dimwit even envision himself be roasted over a open fire with some deform freak slice off strip of tenderloin . good thing it be only a dream or it might have hurt , and good thing he dream have a decent special effect budget . Mine be usually pretty lame : girl , model space ship , blow thing up with a bazooka , etc. <br /> <br /> once on the Alcatraz island they find themselves in a Slasher movie , and meet up with Tony Basil , who can not help but break into a couple dance pose at time and have she own lighting crew -lrb- complete with a smoke machine for that 1980 's smoky haze infuse light look , which I kind of miss -rrb- . and such remind I that Ms. Basil help choreograph David Byrne of the talk head for some of he video and performance . this of course have nothing at all to do with the film but keep pop into mind as the movie pose very little to actually think about . it sort of happen , and you can either watch or keep work on you page markup with it on the tv set off to the side . but since the film be not really interesting , you 'll keep decide to finish one last thing instead of waste time , the movie will keep end , and you 'll find yourself wonder what you miss every time you realize the end credit be start to roll again , dammit ... <br /> <br /> * SOME * 1980 's Teen Horror movie can survive such specialize viewing : Umberto Lenzi 's GHOSTHOUSE , CHOPPING MALL & it be Killbots , the hard to ignore NIGHT of the creep and the over-the-top SLEEPAWAY camp all come to mind . they be film that , like they or not , demand you attention and usually pay off with some good gore or t&a , and typo in you work as evidence that you be watch the tv instead of you keyboard . I be sure that hell island -lrb- as the british version I glomm onto be title -rrb- do indeed have some good stuff in there , but frankly I do not care . and nothing be more annoying that encounter art of any genre that do not inspire admiration , some decent dislike or even good old honest hatred for it . the film be content with simper away 80-whatever minute of time and never really accomplish anything more than be a sometimes distraction in spite of my best effort to try and give it a chance , but no dice . <br /> <br /> there be some offbeat production design go on , the use of lighting be striking at time , and the occasional outburst of mayhem will probably keep fan of 1980 's Teen Horror interested . the rest of you be warn though : you will wonder if you dress like that in 1987 , and the answer be probably more hideous than anything which happen on screen . try to watch it as a free rental if possible so that if disappoint you be not stick with the damn thing : movie like this take up valuable shelf space that be often at a commodity these day , what with the world come to a end & all ...
I like this movie much , it be special type of humor by Ondricek and Machacek ... I think it be better then Samotari -lrb- Loners -rrb- . . maybe it be difficult to understand when you be not Czech . if you be not watch that movie , just enjoy it , do not mind about anything else . . just relax !!
Belushi at he most ingratiating and Courtney Cox before Friends have a small role . I often think Belushi be under-used in Hollywood and this film role be one of he best . for those of you who watch he tv show , this be a very different and likable character . the movie itself be not earth shatter , nor be the message new but rather it be sweet and endearing . the support cast of familiar face and unfamiliar name be a perfect balance although Lovitz 's whining can get tiresome , and Michael Caine 's charming spiritual guide have a slightly sinister if not well-meaning edge . Hamilton , as Belushi 's wife be unfortunately two-dimensional and one wonder why he marry she . in addition , Renee Russo be waste and not terribly convince at the `` prom queen '' who get away . nevertheless , a nice way to spend two hour .
I love Julian Sands and will at least attempt to watch anything he be in , but this movie nearly do I in . I be hard press to remember when I find any other movie to move ... so ... . slow ... ... ly ... zzzzzzzzzzzz <br /> <br /> pop it in the VCR when you have run out of sleep pill .
I see virtually no redeeming quality in this movie . the only thing I do see be Quentin Tarantino 's seem insane obsession for it ... there be some attractive woman in this movie and perhaps that be one decent quality . overall however , I find this movie surrealistic and ridiculous . the hand hold film make couple with slow motion and other cinematic gimmick I find clumsy and dizzying , even sickening . overall the music throughout be horrible and repetitive to the extreme as well remind I of psychological warfare of the U.S. military against various malcontent . <br /> <br /> the various vignette that make up the movie be haphazard in they placement and unfulfilling and unresolved in they content and `` conclusion . '' a depressing movie -lrb- not a true _ film _ , a term I reserve for true art -rrb- that leave I with a bad feeling . do not believe the various people that try and spin this as a `` romantic comedy '' though there be certainly isolate element of both this movie repudiate in content , form , and conclusion any association with this genre . <br /> <br /> I suggest stay far away notwithstanding the seemingly overwhelming positive view of imdb and other rating source .
personnaly I really love this movie , and it particularly move I . the two main actor be give we such great performance , that at the end , it be really heart break to know what finally happen to they character . <br /> <br /> the alchemy between Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson be marvelous , and the song be just great the way they be . <br /> <br /> that be why I do not feel surprised when I learn it have win 5 golden globe award -lrb- the most reward movie at the Golden Globes -rrb- , a Oscar and even a grammy . this movie be a classic that deserve to be see by anyone . a great movie , that have often be criticize -lrb- maybe because Streisand dare to get involve in it , surely as a `` co-director '' -rrb- . she artistry be the biggest , and that will surely please you !
Ronald Colman win a best actor Oscar for showy performance as a popular stage thespian who completely lose himself in he role , particularly as Shakespeare 's Othello . critically-lauded George Cukor film have a marvelous pedigree , have be write by the estimable team of Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin . unfortunately , the witty banter come off as self-conscious here , and the backstage business be overripe . Miklós Rózsa also win a Oscar for he score , and Shelley Winters have a few fine moment a tough waitress -lrb- when theatrical Colman breathlessly address she , she ask he , `` what be ya ? some kind of nut ? '' -rrb- . otherwise , this scenario be awfully obvious , surprisingly draggy , and not very funny . * 1/2 from ****
one of the many vigilante epic that flood the market by the mid-80 . the routine plot have echo of `` the magnificent seven '' -lrb- believe it or not -rrb- , the action scene be lamely handle and the special effect be non-existent . you could do worse ... but the film be still just a waste of time . -lrb- * 1/2 -rrb-
I have be watch a lot of cartoon or animated movie because I have a baby girl who like to watch tv . I begin to watch this movie to see if I would like my little one to watch it ... and no . at the beginning I think it be such a cute movie like the Bambi movie , but all the way it be like insinuate the ducky be a homosexual . the info say that they be make fun of he because he be not good at sport , but that be not the case . it just seem like a movie make for kid to learn to be okay be gay . it be also very sad , as far as the ducky 's dad and all . I do not know , I guess if you be gay you would like it , but I do not think I be go to watch it again with my little one .
you spend most of this two-hour film wonder `` what be the story regard the lead character ? '' <br /> <br /> will Smith , as a low-key `` Ben Thomas '' will keep you guess . the last 20-25 minute be when you find out , and it be a shocker ... but you know something dramatic be go to be reveal . until then , Smith , play it mysterious , almost stalk people . you know he have a good reason for do it , but it be never really explain , once again , to keep we guess until the end . <br /> <br /> all of it , include a on again/off again but touch romance with Rosario Dawkins -lrb- `` Emily Posa '' -rrb- might make some viewer frustrated or want to quit this film ... but do not because the final long segment put all the piece of this puzzle together . <br /> <br /> this be a two-hour film and not the typical action-packed macho Will Smith film . in fact , the most shocking aspect might be see the draw , sad face of Smith throughout this story . it almost do not even look like he in a number of shot . he look like he be lose weight and be sick . Smith do a great job portray a man carry around a lot of sadness . <br /> <br /> like a good movie will often do , this film will leave you think long after the end credit .
`` do not bother to watch this film '' would be better advice , if you like Marilyn Monroe in she other role . this be a huge disappointment consider the great cast , not just Marilyn . <br /> <br /> the story be just nothing , certainly nothing like describe on the VHS box , of course . there simply be no suspense , precious little excitement and too many dull spot , most of they try to show why `` Nellie '' -lrb- Monroe -rrb- be so mess up . this be not a good role for Monroe , even though I do not need to see this character to know she could act . `` some like it hot '' alone be good enough evidence for I . but this role just do not fit she and it be no surprise it be not one of she more popular film . <br /> <br /> it be also too bad a film have the waste of the talent of actor like Richard Widmark , Anne Bancroft , Elisha Cook Jr. , Jeanne Cagney , Donna Cocoran and other . <br /> <br /> Summary : it be not entertaining and entertainment be the name of the game .
this intensely involve 2007 character-driven suspense drama be like a big , juicy piece of shakespearean-level steak from a master filmmaker who know how to draw out uncommonly ferocious , to-the-edge performance from he actor . consider for starter - Henry Fonda 's lone dissent juror in `` Twelve Angry Men '' , Katharine Hepburn 's delusional Mary Tyrone in `` Long Day 's Journey Into Night '' , Rod Steiger 's conflicted concentration camp survivor in `` the pawnbroker '' , William Holden 's wintry lion in `` Network '' , and Paul Newman 's alcoholic lawyer in `` the verdict '' . the list encompass some of the finest screen work of the past half-century , and you can safely add Philip Seymour Hoffman 's desperately control Andy Hanson to the rank . at 83 , director Sidney Lumet show no sign of octogenarian fatigue , and in fact , he revel in the melodramatic turn of first-time screenwriter Kelly Masterson 's thickly plot script . <br /> <br /> the scale of the story be deceptively small as it focus on the moral compromise that unravel in a family where two brother have become desperate for immediate cash . Woody Allen follow a similar fraternal dynamic in he last film , the oddly pinch `` Cassandra 's dream '' , but Lumet be neither pinch nor cautious in he fierce approach to this inescapable tale of ambiguity and deception . the plot revolve around a crime that be mean to be victimless . embezzle fund from he real estate company 's payroll to keep he neglect wife Gina happy and to satisfy a expensive drug habit , smooth-talking Andy be about to be expose in a IRS audit . meanwhile , he younger brother Hank be a mass of post-divorce , codependent insecurity fall way behind in he alimony and child support payment . <br /> <br /> Andy concoct a supposedly foolproof plan to rob they parent ' suburban jewelry store while neither of they be suppose to be there . the goal be for the brother to collect the haul , and the parent to claim the insurance . Murphy 's law intervene in every possible way start with Andy pressure Hank to do the job himself . after some brotherly cajoling , Hank agree to it , but too scared to do it alone , he recruit a reckless , gun-toting busboy to handle the robbery . by fate , the heist occur on the one day that Andy and Hank 's mother be open the shop , and thing quickly spiral out of control from there . although the back-and-forth storytelling technique be not new -lrb- for example , Alejandro González Iñárritu 's `` 21 gram '' -rrb- , Masterson 's approach work effectively in delineate certain event from multiple perspective so that you understand how each character be lead to the repercussion of the unfortunate event . <br /> <br /> the acting be pitch-perfect start with Hoffman 's riveting performance as Andy , a machiavellian reptile whose cool exterior and innate amorality mask layer of resentment toward he family . I think he be great in Tamara Jenkins ' `` the Savages '' , but he be even better here . Lumet even draw a solid performance from the usually insufferable Ethan Hawke as Hank , imbue he with the emasculated weakness that inform he every ill-planned move . as they embattled father , Albert Finney act with he typical late-career bluster , but he provide the necessary foundation for the oedipal-level complexity . Marisa Tomei be a smart choice to play Gina , as the actress economically key in on the responsive , watchful nature of a small but pivotal role . the estimable theater veteran Rosemary Harris -lrb- now better know as Peter Parker 's aunt in the `` Spider-Man '' trilogy -rrb- have precious little time as the mother , as do Amy Ryan as Hank 's bitter ex-wife . <br /> <br /> there be scene that border on excessive , especially as the situation become increasingly desperate for the brother , but the principal inject such energetic brio to they that the flourish become forgivable . after the disappointment of the cartoonish `` find I Guilty '' , it be refresh to see Lumet in peak form here . the 2008 dvd offer terrifically informative commentary from Lumet , Hoffman and Hawke , all of whom converse with ease and insight throughout . along with the original theatrical trailer , there be also a better-than-average 24-minute featurette , `` Directed by Sidney Lumet : how the Devil be make '' , which feature on-set footage and snippet of interview with Lumet , two of the producer and the principal actor .
my take : make use of its familiar plot with fine performance and a few genuine moment of excitement . <br /> <br /> the plot be familiar . a innocent man be frame for a plot to assassinate the President of the United States , the first traitor in the United States Secret Service . as he fellow secret-service agent pursue he , he try to prove he innocence . of course we know he innocent , and the real culprit be just around the corner , but I be still entertain by the sentinel . in this time where thriller be reduce to be too ludicrous and too abundant in action sequence , the sentinel be a good lick-back to all those good old-fashioned political crime thriller . the familiar plot be elevated by neat thrilling sequence and terrific performance . <br /> <br /> Michael Douglas , the perfect man for the job , be long-running Secret Service agent Pete Garrison , who be frame for be part of a plot to assassinate the President . former colleague in the secret service -lrb- Kiefer Sutherland and Eva Longoria -rrb- pursue Harrison while he try to find out who be behind the possible assassination and the traitor in the Secret Service . this lead to a lot of chase scene that , surprisingly -lrb- and thankfully -rrb- , be never unbelievable . the screenplay also offer a subplot involve Garrison have a affair with the First Lady -lrb- play by Kim Basinger -rrb- . this thankfully be not unnecessary like most subplot be to these kind of film . <br /> <br /> the film director be Clark Johnson -lrb- S.W.A.T. -rrb- who manage to make the film look good . although many have criticize it as `` should have be a tv movie '' , I must disagree . Agreed , this be not a perfect film , and much of it be inspire from other action thriller and political intrigue like in the line of fire or a episode from the tv series 24 -lrb- which this film closely resemble when it come to style and star Sutherland -rrb- , but even so , this film take its plot into serious height and do not abandon even its smaller detail . the performance be terrific -lrb- with a top-notch cast , its bind to be , even with the by-the-numbers script . <br /> <br /> all-in-all , I award it *** 1/2 , not perfect , but not far from it . <br /> <br /> Rating : *** 1/2 out of 5 .
ten year after the first movie , James Belushi , one of the most gifted , and over look light comedic actor of the last twenty year , return as Detective Dooley for this movie . <br /> <br /> if you be expect more of the same from the first movie , you will be disappoint , but this be still a good movie . realize that all the Dog vs. Man battle of will scenario have probably be use up in the first movie , this one turn slightly more psychological in its approach as it concentrate on a criminal with a fixation with Dooley 's recently decease wife after she reject he book , and blame Dooley for she death . <br /> <br /> the script may not be the best , but the movie allow both Belushi and Christine Tucci to show they good acting ability , while still retain enough of the light humour of the first movie to make it work , and the chemistry between the two star be there for all to see . <br /> <br /> a easy , light go movie , which , while maybe not worth a purchase unless you be a true fan of either the first movie or Belushi , definately worth a watch when it come on tv . <br /> <br />
ok . I think the tv show be kind of cute and it always have some kind of lesson involve . so , when my kid decide they want to see this movie , I decide to tag along . I wish I would stay home and watch the tv show instead . <br /> <br /> the fact that the humor be silly and unoriginal be the least of the problem with this movie . the plot be next to non-existant , the character seem to exist in a vacuum , and , worst of all , Gadget do not carry any lesson whatsoever . it appear that Disney take all of the thing that make Inspector Gadget work on tv and toss they all . to be fair , my younger child -lrb- 8 year old -rrb- like the movie but the older one -lrb- 10 year old -rrb- come away think it silly -lrb- he be too old for the youth humor but too young for any of the adult humor -rrb- . <br /> <br /> generally , I like Disney film but this one miss by a mile . it be ok for a very narrow age band -lrb- say 7 to 9 -rrb- but a must miss for everybody else .
I concur with everyone above who say anything that will convince you to not waste even a briefest of moment watch this amazingly amateurish movie . very poor act , offhand production value , utterly pedestrian direction , and a script so inept and inane it should never have be write , let alone produce . even Hollywood `` professional '' apparently go to work just for a paycheck , although no one should have be pay for this bad work . career should instead have end over this inconsequential drivel . <br /> <br /> oth , there be something fascinating about watch something so jaw-droppingly bad . and Chad Lowe be terrifically and consistently bad .
this be basically a attempt to do the same thing with `` Batman '' that be do with `` Gilligan 's island '' in `` survive Gilligan 's island . '' for those of you who miss it -lrb- and shame ! -rrb- `` survive Gilligan 's island '' -lrb- full title : `` survive Gilligan 's island : the incredibly true Story of the Longest three Hour Tour in history '' -rrb- be a special from a few year back , where Bob Denver -lrb- `` Gilligan '' -rrb- , Dawn Wells -lrb- `` Mary Ann '' -rrb- and Russell Johnson -lrb- `` The Professor '' -rrb- related the story of the show 's creation , cancellation , rediscovery & rebirth . along the way , story be dramatize with actor portray the original cast and crew . it be very well do . it be funny , well cast and come across as a genuine document of the show . <br /> <br /> `` return to the Batcave : the misadventure of Adam and Burt '' be in a similar style . the re-telling of the history of the show , the re-enactment , the general feel be all the same . what be miss be the straightforward approach that `` survive '' take . <br /> <br /> in `` return '' , Adam West and Burt Ward both receive invitation to a car show to which they be not mean to be invite . after be allow to stay , Adam and Burt witness the theft of the centerpiece of the show : the legendary Batmobile ! Adam and Burt decide to chase after it themselves , lead they through clue that cause they to think about the history of the show . this eventually lead to the revelation of who steal the Batmobile and why . <br /> <br /> choose to use this conceit -lrb- actually have a plot -rrb- be the biggest letdown of this show . unlike `` survive '' , `` return '' force the viewer to follow a less interesting storyline -lrb- the theft of the Batmobile -rrb- instead of focus all its attention on what the audience would most be interest in -lrb- the history of the show . -rrb- it be the historical section that work the best . the casting -lrb- as in `` survive '' -rrb- be excellent . Jack Brewer -lrb- `` Adam West '' -rrb- and Jason Marsden -lrb- `` Burt Ward '' -rrb- capture the feel of the actor without look * too * much like they . Brett Rickaby -lrb- `` Frank Gorshin '' -rrb- bear a stronger resemblance to he subject , but capture none of the late Gorshin 's charm , only he characterization . other actor ' portrayal be short and functional , with none stand out as especially good or bad . many of the story have be tell before , but they mostly play out amusingly , with only the occasional clunky presentation . another wonderful bit from the historical section be the use of audition footage of Lyle Waggoner 's tryout for the part of Batman . the only place where the flashback fail be when they insert obviously make up plot point to advance the main story . this downgrade the accuracy of the flashback needlessly . <br /> <br /> the `` main plot '' -lrb- if that be what we must call it -rrb- be , of course , ludicrous . this be not really a fault in and of itself , but it be just not carry off well enough to cover up the shortfall . strong performance and good writing can make up for a silly plot -lrb- especially in these kind of thing -rrb- but we really get neither , here . the performance by West and Ward seem somewhat flat -lrb- even for they -rrb- ; the dialog too carefully write for it to feel natural . again , I think the comparison to `` survive Gilligan 's island '' can be see in that the dialog be mostly just there to set up a flashback . in `` survive '' , that be all it intend to be . in `` return '' it try to do double duty and , unfortunately , often fail . Gorshin and Newmar do well -lrb- although I agree with other that Gorshin have not aged well and that Newmar have - and what be Waggoner take to look that good ? -rrb- but be not give enough to do . again , I think they all would have be better serve by a more straightforward presentation than the one choose here . <br /> <br /> another odd point about `` return '' . this special be about the `` Batman '' tv series and its history , yet all the clip show be from the theatrical movie . even the Waggoner footage be technically movie footage . if you know you be `` bat-history '' , then you know that the movie be originally plan to be make first , only to be delay in favor of the tv show when CBS need to fill time fast . so when Waggoner and West be test for the role , it be for the movie , not the tv show . why `` return '' only use movie footage be unclear . it most probably have to do with rights issue , but it be a distinct distraction to those in the know : see Julie Newmar in the present , but only footage of Lee Meriwether as Catwoman in the past . <br /> <br /> overall , I like the show , mainly for the flashback . I would have prefer the style use in `` survive Gilligan 's island '' , but I can understand why they would want a more story-oriented piece give the subject matter . besides , I like these people . it be nice to see they out and about , still have fun with one of the great piece of entertainment history . I just wish they have do it a little better and when more of the original cast be still alive to be there .
I watch , entranced and mesmerize , by the vocal and physical acting . the role each character play be do with excellence.the lyric , the word , every gesture , the sunrise , tell it all.the movie speak to I . it enlighten I to a different perception of a person who believe in mankind . who believe in peace and gentle behavior . I be also hold in disbelieve , by the sacrifice and human dignity be portray . power without grace , be demented and without feeling . to want power at the cost of mankind , be so unbelievable . this movie make I so afraid for the people who be no longer in this world . and , it be with sadness that I think of they . I like this movie for the conversation and face expression to it all . May this movie be bless .
I want to watch this movie because of Eliza Dushku , but she only have a smaller part in it , and she character be not very likable . however , the main character , play by Melissa Sagemiller , be extremely beautiful and a perfect delight to look at throughout the movie . this be really nothing but a showcase for she look and talent . she do a very good job . <br /> <br /> the story itself be , on the face of it , pretty nonsensical . after a car crash , some friend be possibly dead , but keep on live they previous life , while all sort of mysterious thing happen . some bad guy be after they , but we never really find out who they be -lrb- possibly they be the one in the other car , but we certainly do not hear anything about why they be after they -rrb- . the final scene especially seem filmically ambitious , but I can not get anything coherent out of it . the opening scene , where the bad guy -lrb- who wear some strange mask -rrb- cut a blond girl 's wrist and gather up some of she blood be never explain or follow up on . unless the bad guy be suppose to be a representation of the surgeon who be try to pull Cassie -lrb- Sagemiller -rrb- back from the dead ... but no , that do not seem to work . the bad guy be just bad guy ; they really just mess up a story that might otherwise have be interesting . in a supernatural story about death and love and sacrifice , who the hell need bad guy ? <br /> <br /> 3 out of 10 .
I must say , I be surprise with the quality of the movie . it be far better than I expect . scenario and act be quite good . the director make a good job as well . although some scene look a bit clumsy , it be a decent movie overall . the idea be definitely brilliant and the truth do not reveal itself till the very end . the mental hospital atmosphere be give quite good . the plot be clear , consistent and well think . some people may find it a bit boring though since the story line be very focus and they take they time for character and story development . moral of the story , it be a decent movie for its genre and it be astonishingly good .
surprisingly enough do movie do have some redeeming quality in it when it move toward its end . for the other part this movie be be a really bad and lame one , with a small budget , insultingly bad write script and everything that go with it . <br /> <br /> it be silly that with all the money go around in the Christian circle they never can seem to get sufficient fund to make a decent movie with . I be not a religious , so I could not care less really but film-making do some like a good tool to reach a new audience for church and get people more interested and curious in read the bible for instance . in that regard these movie always seem like a waste opportunity . <br /> <br /> the low budget do really hurt the movie and bring it down . it make the movie laughable to watch with its effect and it just give the overall movie a campy b-movie like feeling . <br /> <br /> but what be hurt this movie more be its writing . the stuff that just happen in this movie be just insulting to the intelligence and then I be not even complain or talk about the religious aspect of the whole story . the way the movie progress be just so improbable and the people within this movie do such highly unlikely thing that it be be insulting to its viewer . <br /> <br /> i also hate how the movie be be like a soap opera at time . seem to I that they simply have a hard time turn this into a full length movie and they add in some character and dramatic development just to fill thing up . I just could not care less really at time . <br /> <br /> still it need to be say that the movie get more solid and steady toward its end , when its story get more focus on its essence . still it remain predictable all but it prevent this movie from be a complete wreck to watch and as far as these type of movie be concern , there be far worser one to watch out there , though I do not think this movie will win over any new soul . <br /> <br /> 4/10
oh just what I need , another movie about 19th century England . which be pretty much like regular England , only nobody 's vandalise football stadiums.in this picturesque setting of lord , dame and other randomly choose title , Charlotte Gainsbourg walk around aimlessly as Jane Eyre , from that novel nobody have ever read willingly.jane usually hang out in Mr.Rochester 's crib , where she try to teach a french girl to look at a empty chalkboard all the time.one day , mr.rochester -lrb- William Hurt on auto-pilot -rrb- come back to fall in love with Jane and all that , but there be still the matter of he fruitcake wife that be lock in the attic.oops , that be not in the brochure.after some people be throw around and some carefully spread fire -lrb- they probably rent the set -rrb- , the movie finally come to a end.everything look really authentic , that be something I guess.but then again , nah .
return to the 3th Chamber be the comedic sequel to the epic 36th Chamber of Shaolin , in which Gordon Liu play Shan Te , a young man who become a monk and awesome fighter . in this sequel Liu play a hapless loser who have to learn kung fu after cause he friend to be beat . he imitate the original Shan Te , try all manner of trick to get into Shaolin Temple to learn and eventually get some unique skill to fight some bully boss . its a classic light hearted martial art tale , with the ace production value of the Shaw Brothers and the sure footed direction of Lui Chia Liang . the choreography be fantastic throughout , whether for fight or slapstick comedy and Gordon Liu 's performance , as be the other , particularly the sympathetic monk work perfectly for the material . the film be less epic or profound than some of the star other work and there be certainly grander , more violent and sweeping Shaw Brothers film . but few have such a magical blend of slapstick , unique training and fighting , with a subtle yet warm tale of a useless guy make good . full of light hearted joy , its impossible not to give this the highest score .
go into this movie , I have hear good thing about it . come out of it , I be not really amaze nor disappointed . Simon Pegg play a rather childish character much like he other movie . there be a couple of laugh here and there -- nothing too funny . probably my favorite part of the movie be when he dance in the club scene . I totally get ta try that out next time I find myself in a club . a couple of star here and there include : Megan Fox , Kirsten Dunst , that chick from X-Files , and Jeff Bridges . I find it quite amusing to see a cameo appearance of Thandie Newton in a scene . she of course be in a previous movie with Simon Pegg , Run Fatboy Run . I see it as a toss up , you 'll either enjoy it to a extent or find it a little dull . I might add , Kirsten Dunst be adorable in this movie . :3
this be some of the worst act I have ever see . I love Almereyda 's Nadja , but this be just absolute dreck . aside from a few moment of interesting cinematography and music this film be just nonstop bad acting and dumb material . Jared Harris be particularly bad , but no one in this be remotely good . the plot be a joke , but not the haha kind . I do not even know if you can forgive movie that be this bad . please erase the last hour and a half of my life . how do this director make Nadja and another Girl another planet ?
watch the Tenants have be a interesting experience for I . it be the first film I have ever see where I have shuttle at speed through part of the -lrb- non -rrb- action - and I can normally watch anything from turgid action movie to Serbo-Croat indie and find they fascinating . <br /> <br /> the Tenants be frustratingly sluggish and over-orchestrated . one of the main problem of the script be there be little realistic character dialogue , apart from the set piece where character ` collide ' in a very structured setting -lrb- to make this work , the film need to feel more conceptual , which it do not -rrb- . this lead to a lack of realistic character development ; everyone seem two-dimensional . <br /> <br /> the worse for this be the character of Bill Spear , aka Snoop Dogg . I find he characterization very uncomfortable and very unsympathetic . at one point , I even stop the film because I get so annoyed by the character 's aggressive , violent and monotonal delivery , the lack of any other personality layer apart from that of the reactionary `` on '' switch -lrb- which get really predictable after a while -rrb- and I so desperately want he to have some redeeming quality . however , one reason for this jar might be the nebulous time scape of the film -lrb- supposedly 70s , it feel and look more early noughty -rrb- . if it have be more securely fix in the 70s , he character might have seem more understandable . <br /> <br /> the lighting of the film be also awkward . all the way through , the soundtrack attempt to provide a certain gritty , jazz-infused atmosphere that just do not come off , largely because the set be too well-lit . <br /> <br /> the Tenants , to I , be a unbelievable film . it do not depict real people or propose any interesting way of think about race , identity or the life of a writer , be they white or black . <br /> <br /> strangely , I come away with the feeling that this project need David Lynch ; he eerie , clastrophobic and obsessive look and feel would have lift both the actor and the script into something quite remarkable .
my give this a score of 3 be not what I would give the original soviet version of this film . it seem that american-international -lrb- a studio that specialize in ultra-low-budget fare in the 60 -rrb- buy this film and utterly destroy it -- slice a two hour plus film into a 64 minute film ! plus , much of this 64 minute be new material -lrb- such as the `` monster '' -rrb- -- so you know that this film bear almost no similarity to the original . the original film appear to be a rather straight drama about the soviet conquest of space -- though I really be not sure what it be originally ! for insight into the original film , read Steven Nyland 's review -- it be very helpful . <br /> <br /> by the way , this be the third soviet sci-film I have see that american-international buy and then hack apart to make a `` new '' film -- standard practice to a company that be willing to put just about anything on the screen to make a buck -- provide , of course , it do not cost they much more than a buck in the first place !! this americanized film be about two rival world power -lrb- not the US and Soviets -rrb- try to be the first to Mars . the tricky `` bad guy '' try but fail and the `` good guy '' rescue one of the idiot astronaut and then head to Mars . unfortunately , they be temporarily strand on a moon of Mars where they see some monster -lrb- add by american-international -rrb- that be REAAAALLY cheesy and one do bear similarity to a certain part of a female 's anatomy . then , they be rescue -- return to Earth hero . <br /> <br /> the bottom line be that the film be butcher -- turn a incredibly beautiful piece of art -lrb- for the time -rrb- be turn into a grade-c movie . because of this , the Soviets really have a reason to hate America ! I be just shock that the horrible job a-i do with this film do not convince they to refuse to sell more film to these jerk ! it be worth a look for a laugh , but the really bad moment that make you laugh be few and far between . so , the film be a dud -- not bad enough to make it a must-see for bad movie buff and too dopey to be take seriously . I would really love to see this movie in its original form -- it must have be some picture .
`` Death lend a hand '' be one of the pivotal early episode of `` Columbo '' that help define the show for the next thirty year . it mark the first of Robert Culp 's four appearance -lrb- three as a murderer -rrb- , play much the same role in each show . <br /> <br /> in this case culp play Brimmer , the head of a large private detective company who be ask to investigate whether the wife of a wealthy newspaper magnate , Mr Kennicut , be have a affair . although she be , Brimmer decide not to tell Kennicut , in the hope that he can blackmail he wife in return for snippet of information about she husband 's business associate . she react badly to this suggestion , a argument ensue which rapidly turn violent as Brimmer whack she across the face . because he be wear a large ring , the blow knock she to the ground and kill she . <br /> <br /> there be some really priceless moment in this episode . one of my favourite scene be where Columbo pretend to be into palm-reading , although this be in fact a ruse to discover the shape and size of Brimmer 's ring without admit that he know the killer wear a ring . Columbo be Columbo , he only reveal what he really know when the time be exactly right to turn the screw a little . so initially he goofily play the part of a rather simple-minded man who get excite by the `` lifeline go over the mound of the moon '' , or some equally ridiculous palm-reading mumbo-jumbo . <br /> <br /> another great scene be when Brimmer try to offer Columbo a job for he firm , effectively bribe he to stop poke he nose around . again , Columbo do not reveal that he know what be go on , he pretend to be honour and excite by this job offer . <br /> <br /> and there be another where Columbo say to Kennicut , in front of Brimmer , that he wish the murderer could hear they conversation . he want to hint to Brimmer that he be onto he , without directly accuse he , so he rather cruelly -lrb- but understandable in the circumstance -rrb- decide to play mindgame on Brimmer in order to spook he into panicking and do something stupid . which of course he do ! all the while , the grieving kennicut be unaware of the subtext of this conversation . it be only near the end that Columbo explain all to Kennicut -lrb- not show on screen -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I will not reveal how Columbo finally nail the killer bang to rights , but let 's just say there be a potato involve ... <br /> <br /> a really really good episode , possibly the very best of the first series . if you like this then you 'll like `` double exposure '' too , also feature Robert Culp .
I guess this go to prove that Joe Don Baker will do anything for a buck . the concept of the film be not very good to start with . this movie have so many bad thing about it I do not know where to start . the acting be horrible . the cinematography be marginal at best . the soundtrack be pretty bad . the score be terrible . there be a reason why this movie end up on Mystery Science Theater 3000 . I vote before I write this and I can not believe that 9 people actually think this `` film '' be excellent . they must have like the two go-go dancer . final justice would be if they lock this stinker in the film vault outside Wichita and never let anyone see it again ! a 1 out of 10 rating be far better than this deserve .
David Mamet 's film debut have be hail by many as a real thinking-man 's movie , a movie that make you question everybody and everything . I see it for the first time recently and could not understand what be suppose to be so great about it . <br /> <br /> the movie be about a female psychologist name Margaret who be also a best-selling author . Margaret have become disillusion by she profession and she inability to really help anyone . she try to rectify this by help settle she patient 's gamble debt to a shark name Mike -lrb- play by Joe Mantegna , who be the only reason to watch this film -rrb- . she discover that Mike be actually a professional confidence man when she nearly fall victim to a scam he pull immediately after meet she . intrigue , she return to see he and ask he to show she how con artist operate -lrb- she plan on use this as the subject of a new psychology book -rrb- . she then fall for he and accompany he on a long con that he and he associate have set up . <br /> <br /> I do not feel like go into detail , but at the end of the film it be reveal that the event of the whole movie be a elaborate con by Mike and he crony to swindle Margaret out of $ 80,000 . <br /> <br /> First of all , the big twist towards the end be very predictable . any scene where the con man be operate be make very obvious by the stagey acting and weird line read . not only that , but the audience -lrb- and the main character -rrb- know that they be deal with con man , so be it really such a big surprise when we find out that Margaret have herself be con ? besides , Margaret be supposedly a intelligent psychologist who be a expert at read people , yet she allow herself to be dupe far too easily -- and keep in mind , she know full well that Mike be a con artist . <br /> <br /> secondly , we be lead to believe that Margaret be con from the very begin , yet in order for the con to ultimately work , she have to do several thing that the con man could not possibly have predict that she would do . first , she have to decide to help settle she patient 's debt , allow she to meet the con man in the first place . if she have not do this , the entire con would have fail . I just have to say that it be pretty unreasonable to assume that a psychologist be go to take it upon herself to settle a patient 's gamble debt . not only that , but what be the odds that the con man would be at the right spot on the very night she decide to show up ? do they simply show up at that bar every night , hope she would come and see they ? another thing that have to happen that could not have be predict be that Margaret have to return to see Mike again and ask he to teach she the trick of he trade . what be the odds of this happen ? and yet the whole con be base on this premise . <br /> <br /> another problem I have be with the end . Margaret find out she be be con and decide to get revenge on Mike . at first , Mamet lead we to believe that she be go to con the con , but that fall through , so the ultimate ending be she gunning Mike down in a airport baggage area . somehow that just feel like a clumsy and inept way to end a movie about con artist ply they trade . not only that , but she do not even take back the money he steal from she . <br /> <br /> ultimately , the movie leave you feeling empty and unfulfilled . and if you , like I , predict ahead of time that Margaret be go to be con , you will find this revelation just as unsatisfying .
black candle be rather a muddle mess from the same director that bring we `` Vampyres '' and much later , `` rest in Pieces '' , among other . . I be only note the one I have see . at any rate , we have a couple make love and then somewhere near by a pin be poise over a voodoo doll and then pierce it , and the man keel over . not sure if it be good for either of they , at that point . fast forward to where the man 's sister have come to the house to investigate and hear the reading of the will , or something to that effect , and of course everybody else except she be in on something , which happen to be devil worship . it be really hard to say who be who at moment during the movie and it do get a bit confusing at time . to spice thing up though , there be a simulated bestiality scene -lrb- I hope it be simulated -rrb- with a black goat , sure to be a crowd pleaser . Ugh . at time this echo `` Rosemary 's Baby '' , minus the baby , because the hostess be always give one woman herbal tea and the place reek of whatever nasty satanic herb these be too , because that keep get remark upon . however , the herb be not the only thing that reek about this film . the end seem to be back to the beginning again , and many viewer might find themselves wonder where they have be during the middle part . it be not unwatchable , it be just not very good , and I guess it all depend on what you like to see in film , and there be not much here that do anything much for I . 3 out of 10 .
I have see this movie on several different occasion . I find one of the funniest thing to do be to just watch the reaction of the different type of people who go to see it . <br /> <br /> type 1 : old people . a lot of old japanese man and woman go to this movie because they think it will be a honest-to-goodness samurai movie with lot of swordplay and medieval japanese dialogue . as soon the two protagonist begin debate horror movie while insert expletive almost randomly throughout they sentence , the old people walk out , usually disgust . <br /> <br /> type 2 : film snob . these people think that just because a movie bear the label of `` Independent '' that it will automatically be a load of hard-to-follow , overemotional crap that may or may not be in English . yet they see it anyway just to sing praise about it later so that people will think they be intelligent and culture . they be really in for a surprise when they see this film . as soon as the blood begin to squirt exaggeratedly from anime-inspired sword battle or the over-the-top villain nonchalantly peg a dog with he crossbow during a phone conversation , these people will be so dismayed , they will walk out . a few will stay just to see `` how bad it will get '' and later they 'll rave about what a horrible film it be to they friend . <br /> <br /> type 3 : PEOPLE EXPECTING to see live-action ANIME or matrix-like special effect . sorry folk , the martial art be pretty solid in the film , but director Yamasato really do not have the budget for that kind of thing . <br /> <br /> type 4 : people with no expectation . these be the people who really enjoy the film . whether they have only hear of blood of the Samurai , pick it at random , or stumble into the wrong theater in a alcoholic haze , these be the people who will laugh at all the joke and appreciate the movie for what it ultimately be : ENTERTAINMENT . this movie be not make to enlighten or to provoke deep spiritual thought , it be mean -lrb- if I may borrow a line of dialogue from the film -rrb- to `` really kick some ass . '' and that be what it do . <br /> <br /> so depend on what type of person you be , you may or may not enjoy this film ; however , if you appreciate the movie for what it be and can enjoy a excess of blood and act , then go see this movie and make sure to bring you friend .
from the opening scene aboard a crowded train where a ruthless pickpocket be at work -lrb- RICHARD WIDMARK -rrb- steal from a woman 's purse -lrb- JEAN PETERS -rrb- , pickup on SOUTH STREET be relentlessly fascinating to watch . partly it be because the acting be uniformly strong from the entire cast , the B&W photography be crisp and add to the starkness of the story and character , and because Samuel Fuller 's direction put he in the same league with the biggie like John -lrb- ASPHALT JUNGLE -rrb- Huston . in fact , it have the same urgency as the Huston film about a heist that go wrong -- but the payoff be not quite as strong . <br /> <br /> JEAN PETERS be excellent as the hard-edged girl whom Widmark describe as be `` knock around a lot '' . she give a lot of raw energy and sex appeal to she role of the not too bright woman carry a micro-film in she purse for she boyfriend -lrb- RICHARD KILEY -rrb- , something the FBI already know about . they be on she trail when the theft occur . <br /> <br /> THELMA RITTER add realism to she portrait of a woman call `` Moe '' who buy and sell anything to make a profit and end up pay for it with she life . she be particularly touching in she final scene with Kiley . <br /> <br /> this one be guarantee to hold you attention through its one hour and twenty minute run time . good noir from Fox and notable for the performance of Widmark , Peters and Ritter .
normally , I do not watch action movie because of the fact that they be usually all pretty similar . this movie do have many stereotypical action movie scene , but the character and the originality of the film 's premise make it much easier to watch . David Duchovny bend he normal act approach , which be great to see . Angelina Jolie , of course , be beautiful and do great acting . Great cast all together . a must see for people bore with the same old action movie .
the film be base on a genuine 1950s novel . <br /> <br /> Journalist Colin McInnes write a set of three `` London novel '' : `` absolute Beginners '' , `` City of Spades '' and `` Mr Love and Justice '' . I have read all three . the first two be excellent . the last , perhaps a experiment that do not come off . but McInnes 's work be highly acclaimed ; and rightly so . this musical be the novelist 's ultimate nightmare - to see the fruit of one 's mind be turn into a glitzy , badly-acted , soporific one-dimensional apology of a film that say it capture the spirit of 1950s London , and do nothing of the sort . <br /> <br /> thank goodness Colin McInnes be not alive to witness it .
Hahahaha !!!!!! funny-that sum this movie up in one word.what the crap be this `` thing '' , since it might kill I to use the word movie !?!?! I hope the director , writer , and producer do not mean for this to turn out good , because it sure do not !!! a scientist turn he son into a hammerhead shark , and the shark kill a bunch of people the scientist invite to the island !!! oh my Gooooooodddd !!!! I hate this film so much that when I be watch it I laugh at all the serious part , because they be so corny and unprofessional ... and they could not have make the shark look more unrealistic , even though this `` thing '' have a bit larger budget than most low-budget movies.all I have to say be watch this movie expect to laugh at all the bad acting , and stupid corny dialogue , because if you be expect a good movie you 'll be highly disappoint .
this movie may seem scary on commercial , but the actual movie be a reason to vomit . this be a below below average , -lrb- even lower than that -rrb- and have no plot . I mean every house can make you feel scared and sure , a dead japanese woman would scare the poop out of you , but so what ? make a movie that would appeal to watcher and not just show image of scared people and some hair -lrb- dead japanese woman -rrb- . can you say `` horrible rip-off of Samara -lrb- the ring -rrb- '' ? do not get I start with the `` dead child '' . not even that scary ! so what ? he have a cat and he can imitate it , big freak deal ! just bury the poor zombie and save some life that have the potential of be harm by the grudge ! 1/10 ! Yuck ! > . <
there be too many new style of the sitcom but the one that work best be the old fashion way with a audience and indoor set . that 70 's show be a great example . when the show come on the air , nobody really hear of Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp much less the adolescent play wonderfully by Topher Grace and Ashton Kushton -lrb- both of they be leave the show this year to pursue other interest -rrb- I wish Topher would stay around because the show begin about he character , Eric , and he close circle of friend . Ashton be already the John Travolta of we time . remember when John be in love with Diana Hyland from eight be Enough , think of ashton with Demi Moore . the cast of actor be never know to we which be a good thing because a celebrity cast member can spoil it . I miss mo Gaffney who play Don 's girlfriend Joanne . I miss Lisa Robin Kelly as the original Laurie , the replacement could not match she and I be sorry about that . I like the casting of Tommy Chong as the waste but beloved father figure to Steven Hyde . I love watch Tanya Roberts besides Charlie 's Angels . I love Brooke Shields play Jackie 's mom . she really show she act talent before head to Broadway . this show have be a delight with many surprise . I hope this show last longer even though 2 of they cast member be leave but I hope they do not stay too far away too long . I wish the show 's creator , Bonnie and Terry Turner , who also create my other favorite show , Third Rock from the Sun , be more successful on Fox than they be on NBC which sabotage they show . the Turners be not dummy and I hope they create more show like this in the future .
I be currently do film study at a.s level and `` this be not a love song '' be a film we watch and in my opinion it be a film with a very simple storyline but a complex back-story . if you scratch the surface you will find a thriller-chase film of two man run through the countryside from farmer , after commit a murder : - `` sound quite exit '' . <br /> <br /> however you need to dig deeper to uncover the true feeling of the true genre . as it be suggest , it be a love story between two homosexual lover , fill with trust , deceit and betrayal . we be not tell about this `` love '' directly through the film but the event that happen through out , for example the way heaton act towards Spike almost scream this untouched love affair in we face . <br /> <br /> overall this film be a good example of why british film should not be dismiss as `` rubbish '' just because they be do on a low budget . <br /> <br /> a good film with a intricate story line , however it be definitely a acquire taste and be possibly not suitable for the average fan of Hollywood blockbuster .
gojoe take a little get use to at first , but the final result be very satisfying . the tale , about a murderous samurai who seek to redeem himself by oppose a effeminate , but dangerous samurai , be worth more than a watch . there be a lot at stake here , from physical survival to soulful salvation . the movie may seem a bit similar to other anime-inspired Samurai film at first , but it do eventually delve into more mature/adult territory soon after . <br /> <br /> not to be miss . GOJOE be one of the better samurai movie to come around post-kurosawa . <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10 <br /> <br /> -lrb- go to www.nixflix.com for a more detailed review of the movie and review of other foreign film -rrb-
in Iran , woman be officially ban from man 's sport event . in June 2005 , the Iran 's national soccer team have a important game against Bahrain in the Azadi Stadium for the qualification of the World Cup . a group of iranian girl and lover of soccer dress like boy and unsuccessfully attempt to enter in the stadium be arrest . <br /> <br /> soccer -lrb- and Flamengo 's team -rrb- , beach and movie be my greatest passion ; therefore I love this little gem about a group of girl and they passion for soccer . the director Jafar Panahi , from `` the White balloon '' , `` the Mirror '' and `` the Circle '' , shoot this movie on the day that Iran defeat Bahrain and qualify to the World Cup in Germany . the dramatic and funny adventure of these iranian girl be one of the most delightful movie I have ever see . my vote be nine . <br /> <br /> title -lrb- Brazil -rrb- : not available
this be the WORST Christmas movie I ever see . I take my two small child to see this . it be the darkest , most dismal plot - family have no money , mom lose she job , father get kill in the bank , bank robber steal family car with both kid in the back and after high speed chase , drive off the bridge and drown they in the river . mom be leave all alone . no wonder she Christmas spririt be go . Christmas angel do not rescue child that have drown , and Santa do not bring back dead father ! I think this be the worst message to send child . better to tell they that there be no Santa than show they a movie like this !!
effort aside -lrb- this be not a review about good intention , its about the final product -rrb- , this film be poorly write , overact , and poorly direct . the story obviously have potential , but that story be nowhere present in this film . <br /> <br /> Clara Barton be a human being . she have passion , desire , love , pain , embarrassment , weakness , and self doubt just like the rest of we . you would never know that from this film of the lead actress 's performance . in fact apply that to every character in the film , but in Barton 's case : every sentence be a speech . a epic over the top speech as though from a inhuman robot . in fact the only scene that play well in one in the board meeting , and I realize that because she be make a speech ! every idea she have be unbelievable in its context and she come up with idea that sound like they take a lifetime of soul search right on the spot . for example , when she see a wounded man , she 'll start pontificate about the need of the battlefield and to protect soldier and put up white flag , etc. . as play in the film , there be no way she could come up with such a detailed well think out idea in seconds . <br /> <br /> in conclusion , this film rob Clara Barton of she struggle . it rob she of she humanity , and it inherently cheapen all she do because the script be write in clichés . the writer do not know Clara Barton , and seem to have base he script on a encyclopedia britannica article . -lrb- yes they have those back then -rrb- but hey , nice technicolor ! -lrb- who care -rrb-
man , be I disappoint . <br /> <br /> 1 -rrb- Adam Arkin be more whiny than Ross Geller from ` Friends ' <br /> <br /> 2 -rrb- a great cast be waste -lrb- Kenneth Mars , Alan Arkin , Ed McMahon , Pat Morita , Louis Nye -rrb- with this amateurish script . <br /> <br /> 3 -rrb- the movie suffer from horrible pacing . it jump around through in a jumbled , confusing manner . <br /> <br /> 4 -rrb- the story do not even make sense . why do he want to break the football streak ? what about the stupid violin music ? none of it be explain . <br /> <br /> 5 -rrb- it be not even funny . it be like a bunch of accountant try to do improv , say `` lookit I ! lookit I I be be funny ! '' this be a bad attempt at make another `` Love at First Bite '' . <br /> <br /> I like Larry Cohen movie , but man he fail here . I could not wait for the credit to roll . horribly disappoint .
honestly , i do not know what be funnier , this horrific remake , or the comment on this board . Masterpiece 's review have I in tear , that be so funny . anyway , this movie be the among the worst movie ever , and certainly the bottom of the barrel for sequel . the `` Omen '' name on the title make I stop and watch it this morning on HBO , but it be a slap in the face to the other three , especially the original . there be so many classically bad moment , but my favorite be the guy catch fire from the juggler at the psychic fair !! good time ! this movie be to the Omen series what `` scary movie '' be to the entire genre . avoid unless you be look for a good laugh .
a strange mix of traditional-80 , smartassy , Chevy Chase-type , `` every-ten-lines-you-get-a-funny-one '' farce and sickie black comedy . mildly amusing in spot , but utterly tasteless . there be a skiing sequence that include the fakest-looking back-projection since `` on she Majesty 's Secret Service '' . -lrb- ** -rrb-
this version of the Charles Dickens novel feature George C Scott as the Scrooge . fine casting , especially the choice of Scott , who play the role to the hilt . . a fine cast support he in the very good adaption . a Modern day holiday classic on a scale of one to ten . .9
I be pretty young when this come out in the US , but I record it from tv and watch it over and over again until I have the whole thing memorize . to this day i still catch myself quote it . the show itself be hilarious and have many famous character , from Frank Sinatra , to Sylvester Stallone , to Mr. t . the voice be great , and sound just like the character they be portray . the puppet be also well do , although a little creepy . I be surprise to find out just recently that it be write by Rob Grant and Doug Naylor of Red dwarf , a show that I also enjoy very much . like another person have write in a comment earlier , I too be rob of this great show by a `` friend '' who borrow it and never return it . I sure wish there be enough demand for this show to warrant a dvd release , but I do not think enough people have hear of it . oh well , maybe I 'll try e-bay ...
this be a so call ` feel-good ' movie , however it make I sad in a way . why ? because I have the talent , but my parent do not let I study at the sport academy , as well the fact that at the age of 12 I decide to quit soccer . <br /> <br /> and soccer be the red line in this movie . together with the struggle youngster have with the expectation parent have . a english-indian girl and she parent , with they tradition and strong family tie , and on the other hand the English family with a daugther who dress like a boy , and play soccer ... a combination which worry she mother ! this movie also line out the life of ordinary people , as well as the indian community in England . it be about believe in you dream , and live you one life -lrb- where do we hear that before -rrb- . <br /> <br /> Paraminder Nagra -lrb- a beautiful woman ! -rrb- play Yasminda , a girl who be not interested in boy , new clothes , make-up and the typical 17 year old girl stuff . in contradiction with she sister Pinky , complete the opposite of Yasminda . <br /> <br /> a real must it be , to see how a young beautiful girl struggle with the tradition of they parent , and find she luck eventually . with great music from Blondie , Curtis Mayfield , Texas , Melanie C , as well as indian hit song . <br /> <br /> Pleasant to watch , but if you , as myself , ever play soccer , and never make it to the top , then this movie will make you melachonic .
the form of the film be that of a suspense shocker . there be surprise , twist and turn , reverse and excitement . at time , this be truly a `` edge-of-the-seat '' film . but it disappoint , and disappoint severely . <br /> <br /> the villain of the piece be not believeable ; he character do not hold together . I refuse to `` spoil '' the film , but will only say that the character we meet at the begin just could not be he whom we see at the end . <br /> <br /> the second major disappointment of the film be that -- finally , it become little more that a bloody slasher film . there be little qualitative difference between this and one of the `` Friday the 13th '' film . not that every film need always be totally tasteful , but this film do drip gore on occasion . <br /> <br /> though the film feature the magnificent Sean Connery , even he do not measure up to he usual standard , and often just seem to be walk through the pace .
this be truly a great movie . I love Dennis Quaid and the entire baseball team . Jay Hernandez be also a very likable actor that be very enjoyable to watch . the chemistry the team have once they get thing together be spectacular , it just go to show what you what can accomplish when mind unite as one with one goal . this team come back from the brink , have multiple losing season to win just about everything . I love movie like this as they really be very inspirational . <br /> <br /> on top of that , Dennis Quaid 's character get a place in the major league . you can not do anything , but root for this guy . it just seem like when someone be suppose to do something , they be go to do that . thing just happen to fall into place and make everything click . <br /> <br /> base on a true story , this film will really make you think about the fact that `` nothing be impossible . ''
plenty have be write about Mamet 's `` the House of Games '' ; most of it good . I decide to revisit the flick to see how it hold up after 17 year and be surprise at how much I enjoy view it again . the film 's success and durability probably have much to do with two principal ingredient which be always fun on film ; a good story and a good scam . Mamet manage to bring he signature moodiness and obvious histrionics to the film while scam we , the audience , and the mark simultaneously . then he explain the art of con only to do it again , etc. all the while build the story . `` the House of Games '' , now a freebie on cable , be worth a look for first timer and a okay rerun for Mamet fan . -lrb- b + -rrb-
hey guy , <br /> <br /> i have be look every where to find these two movie and i can not find they anywhere in my local area . -lrb- I be australian -rrb- . could you please help I and tell I where i can buy it from . in General Home Ward bind 1 and 2 be the best movie i have ever see and be good for people of all age . it be my favourite movie wen i be 5 and it still be even now when i be a teenager . it be a great movie for the whole family . my entire family love this movie except for my younger sister because i have watch it that many time that she be sick of it . I love this movie and i cant wait till i can buy it again on dvd . <br /> <br /> Sally
have not see this 1958 film in a very long time and greatly enjoy Kim Novak play the role as Gil Holroyd who be a actual witch and have a aunt name Queenie Holroyd who be also a witch and Gillian also have a brother warlock name Nick play by Jack Lemmon . when Gillian set she eye on Shep Henderson , -lrb- James Stewart -rrb- who be engage to a girl he be go to marry ; Gillian performer some magic spell with a cat and change he mind about he intended bride and then become very lust full and fall in love with Gillian . the story tell that a real witch can not fall in love , blush or cry and this begin to prove a big problem between Shep and Gillian , so Nick and Aunt Queenie decide they have to do something about this situation . great film to view over and over again and a great classic film from 1958 .
I do not even know where to begin on this one . `` it be all about the family . '' that have to be the worst line of dialogue ever hear in a `` horror '' movie , although this could not be a horror movie even if it try !!! Ugh !!! and I know that Owen Wilson be a better actor . he need to stop play the token guy who die in every action movie -lrb- Anaconda , Armageddon -rrb- . after all , the man do co-write `` Bottle Rocket '' and `` Rushmore . '' he do have some talent . also , Lily Taylor should stick to indie film . she have no place here . finally , Catherine Zeta-Jones should become a porn star . there be no room in legitimate act for she . I be serious . one of the worst movie I have ever see , ever .
after watch about half of this I be ready to give up and turn it off , but I endure to the end . this be a movie that try to be a romantic comedy and fail . the acting be poor -- much worse than the act in 80s t&a movie . <br /> <br /> there be several attempt at humour that fail miserably and the movie be 100 % predictable . perhaps if you be a teenager this movie will hold some appeal , but for those that have see many movie , you will know how the film turn out after the first 10 minute . the rest of you time will be spend in agony wait for the end credit to roll . <br /> <br /> do not waste you time watch this .
if you be the sort of person who can get a kick out of a very bad movie , then I highly recommend this one . if you be not , stay away . this be a astonishingly cheap-looking movie , and at time you may find yourself wonder if it be not just a prank someone be pull on you . the most positive comment I can make about it be that the people responsible seem to realize that it be super-low-budget nonsense , so there be at least a sense of fun here . <br /> <br /> but this be as amateurish as it get . they idea of giant killer mushroom be simply guy cover with beige color sheet with what look like trash can cover on they head . it be obviously not mean to be take seriously -lrb- to say the least -rrb- , but even with that disclaimer you 'll find yourself shake you head at the awesome cheesiness of it all . or laugh out loud frequently , as I do .
one of my favorite scene be at the beginning when guest on a private yacht decide to take a impromptu swim - in they underwear ! rather risqué for 1931 !
this be a nice little horror flick that fan of indie film will really appreciate . it have good acting , lot of gore , and a decent plot . one will be remind of movie like the Hills have eye and Pumpkinhead . it be obvious that the budget be not all that big , but the film really make up for it with atmosphere and solid performance by the actor , which seem to be lack in a lot of today 's big budget special effects-filled film . the film really move along and there be excellent direction and good camera work . there be no waste scene , so the film 's length be a bit short . in addition , it look like the end leave a opening for a sequel , which would be very interesting as well . so grab some popcorn , turn down the light and enjoy this one .
this movie really rock ! Jeff Wincott be terrific in the film ! he fighting incredible ! he be such a fast martial artist ! Brigitte Nielsen & Matthias Hues be very good ! Mission of Justice be a action pack movie that be never boring ! if you like fight movie with incredible non stop action then check out Mission of Justice today !
there be plenty of review on this page that will explain this movie 's detail far more eloquently than I could ; but I would like to offer a simple review for those who occasionally go to the movie for more than entertainment . Raising Victor Vargas be so true you will believe it . this flick get inside you head .
be it a good idea to use live animal for department store window display ? <br /> <br /> no , and here 's why ... <br /> <br /> in `` Hare conditioned '' the sale that Bugs be help promote be over and the store manager -lrb- Nelson -rrb- be transfer he to a new department : taxidermy . naturally , bug object and the fun begin . <br /> <br /> use nearly every department in the store -lrb- child 's wear , sport , shoe , costume , woman 's nightgown - do not ask . -rrb- , bug come out on top at every turn , even refer to the manager as `` the Great GilderSNEEZE '' . even when trap in the confines of a elevator , bug make the best of the situation . <br /> <br /> director Jones be on top of he pictorial game as always , as be Blanc -lrb- as bug , natch -rrb- and Nelson -lrb- the manager - who do sound like radio mainstay Gildersleeves - go ask you grand-parent -rrb- . <br /> <br /> and a sage word of advice : when confront by a fuzzy-looking woman want to try on bathroom slipper , always check she ear . <br /> <br /> ten star for `` Hare Conditioner '' , the best argument yet for animal labor law .
my title ought to be enough . <br /> <br /> it baffle I that a culture so rich in literary excellence -lrb- Dumas , Flaubert , Balzac , Maupassant -rrb- would churn out such tosh as the `` nouvelle vague '' cinematic movement . until the 20th century , France have a great tradition of artistic lucidity and clever philosophy . but the minute you hand they a movie camera they start act like WOOOHOOO LOOK HOW WEIRD I can be ! plot ? theme ? pshaw ! let 's film a AMUSEMENT PARK ride going round & round ! at least this be not as bad as Godard -lrb- who have a unhealthy fascination with the back of people ' head . oh-la-la , quel artiste . -rrb- . no , Truffaut maintain a degree of visual clarity . but so do the security camera at a quickie-mart . the two be indistinguishable . <br /> <br /> haha , just as a aside to all you dweeby film school nerd : I bet the vein be pop out the side of you neck right now . but do not leave without read the last sentence of my review . <br /> <br /> anyway , if you like french literature , you will hate this . people who like this movie probably have never read any book other than the rambling of Jack Kerouac or maybe `` Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy '' . or maybe they have read the lyric to the Doors song , and they think that be profoundly move . whatever float yer boat . I find it ironic that this film inject some -lrb- weak -rrb- allusion to Balzac , one of the finest and most meaningful writer who ever live . nice try , Truffles . but you be nowhere near the ballpark . <br /> <br /> avoid this film like a aids-infected syringe . <br /> <br /> if you be the type of person who like to think , then stick to Jean Cocteau -lrb- ORPHEE -rrb- , Robert Bresson -lrb- PICKPOCKET -rrb- and the japanese master kurosawa -lrb- ikuru -rrb- , Kobayashi -lrb- KAIDAN -rrb- and teshigahara -lrb- suna no onna -rrb- . <br /> <br /> if you be a idiot , enjoy you Truffaut , Godard , and Andy Worhol . and for pete 's sake push that vein back in you neck . you look like a cabbage .
Ho , ho , homicidal maniac ! this spirited tour-de-force adaptation of a great ec Comics horror tale be undoubtedly one of the best episode of the cable tv series ever make . Director Robert -lrb- `` back to the Future '' -rrb- Zemeckis make the most out of a witty script by Fred -lrb- `` night of the Creeps , '' `` the monster squad '' -rrb- dekker which center on a ruthless two-timing housewife -lrb- well play by Mary Ellen Trainor , who be marry to Zemeckis when she star in this episode -rrb- who kill she jilted jerk of a husband -lrb- a nice cameo by Marshall Bell -rrb- on Christmas Eve by whack he upside the head with a fire-poker . complication ensue when a deranged murderous madman dress up as jolly Kris Kringle escape from a nearby asylum and decide to pay Trainor a decidedly unfriendly visit . Alan Silvestri 's spooky , stir score and Dean Cundey 's typically polished cinematography further enhance the macabre fun . and Larry Drake -lrb- the sweet gentle giant Benny on `` L.A. Law '' ! -rrb- , with he creepy hiccup guffaw , a demented twinkle in he bright green eye , and a leering , truly wicked grin , make for a sensational sanguinary Saint Nick .
this night listener be better than people be generally say . it have weakness , and it seem to be have a genre identity crisis , no doubt , but I think its creepy atmosphere and intriguing performance make up for this . the whole thing feel like one of those fireside `` this happen to a friend of a friend of mine '' ghost story . one big complaint about the movie be the pacing : but the slow and sometimes awkward pacing be deliberate . everything that unfold in this movie be keep well within the realm of possibility , and real life just sort of plod along -- no ? so there be no flashy ending or earth-shattering revelation , no `` showdown '' scene . thank Heaven . you have to get into the zone when watch this movie , forget you reservation and you expectation of what make a -lrb- conventionally -rrb- good movie . Williams be not terrific , but he easily meet the need of the story , plus he character be suppose to be somewhat generic -lrb- `` No one '' -rrb- as he be the Everyman , the avatar by which we ourselves enter the story . Toni Collette 's performance should be nominate for a Oscar -lrb- even if she maybe should not win it -rrb- . give it a shot . for quality and content alone , the Night Listener be surely in the top twenty percent of movie come out these day .
I have see this movie today for the first time and I never hear of it before , probably because of it be poor message . <br /> <br /> First of all , the direct itself be quite good , the actor play well and the CGI -lrb- I be not a fan of cgus -rrb- be magnificent . but that alone do not make a movie . no story at all , no message behind beautiful exploit talent . <br /> <br /> or do I have to make people remember , the art of a director be not only you vision but to know how to tell a story . and this be what be miss the whole 7 minute . <br /> <br /> there for a simple 4 rating .
`` John Hughes ' son write a high school drama ! wow ! '' I think as I check the flick 's info here on IMDb , late on a Saturday night , have find myself watch the opening credit on bbc2 . <br /> <br /> I have just finish watch it , and sadly it be downhill from there on . arguably you can not spoil a film this poor , but I 'll leave the spoiler out of this review ... <br /> <br /> there be a awful lot of style over very little substance : unfortunately the style have not date too well in the eight year since its release . as for the substance , the film try to pose a interesting look at the nature of control in society through the microcosm of school-life ; but beneath the shiny veneer , a remotely meaningful or relevant argument fail to materialise . character be paint in childishly broad stroke , fall into the kind of generic stereotype the writer 's father seek to question in Breakfast Club . <br /> <br /> director Kyle Cooper do a decent job keep the pace up -lrb- perhaps rely a little too much on montage of information , which soon become a tiresome device , but at least push the story along -rrb- , but he effort do not sufficiently detract from the poor script and bizarre casting -lrb- how anyone be suppose to side with ` Maddox ' , when Blake Shields gurn and glower he way through the part , I just can not understand -rrb- , not to mention the numerous gaping plot hole -lrb- I be all for creative license , but when the `` bad guy '' know the identity of the `` good guy '' make they life a misery , but fail to act in any way to stop they , you really have to wonder why this script do not undergo another few re-draft before production - do Daddy even read it ? -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I be sure a younger audience might get some enjoyment from this film -lrb- and all power to they -rrb- , but they be really better off stick with Hughes Sr. 's high school output , and if the idea of school-time rebellion be what really appeal , the 1968 classic `` if ... '' be a much more satisfying examination of the subject .
be there a book title `` how to make a movie with every ` man vs. Nature ' Cliché Imaginable '' ? if not , ant would make excellent source material for the chapter on killer insect . ant do not have one shred of originality to be find at any point of its 100 minute runtime . I suppose the most surprising thing about ant be that they actually stretch the film to 100 minute . the set-up , the character , the various sub-plot , the death scene , and the way the ant be present have be do before any number of time -- and in most case , much better . it be amazing that so many of these insect on a rampage film be make in the 70 because they be all basically the same movie . <br /> <br /> and can someone please tell I what in God 's name Myrna Loy be do in this monkey-turd of a movie ? a woman as talented and classy as Loy deserve better than ant as one of she final movie .
thoughtless , ignorant , ill-conceived , career-killing -lrb- where be the talented Angela Jones now ? -rrb- , deeply unfunny garbage . it be no wonder Reb Braddock have not direct anything else since - anyone who have a chance to make he first film on he own rule , base on he own script , with the help of Quentin Tarantino himself , and create something like this , anyone who feel that this be a story worth tell to the world , do not deserve a second break . under the circumstance , the performance be good - the actor do what they be tell to do , and they do it well . it be just that they should not have do it in the first place . <br /> <br /> 0 out of 4 .
this movie be not that bad when compare to the first two sequel to the original . it be direct by Martin Kitrosser of Friday the 13th fame . the acting be very bad indeed , but the gore and special effect help make it interesting . that one thing I like about scream Mad George -lrb- make up effect artist for the film -rrb- , he effect be so off-the-wall and bizarre that they will keep you watch a bad movie just to find out how crazy they be gon na get . the movie be not really all that gory , but there be a extremely nasty eyeball-munching scene in the middle involve a toy maggot -lrb- what !?! -rrb- Mickey Rooney make a guest appearance that he probably be not too enthusiastic about but need the money at the time , possibly ? if you like the weirdo 4th installment -lrb- my favorite of all 5 -rrb- , you 'll probably like this one . I like it better than the Matrix ! enjoy .
Methinks the best screen version of Quo Vadis ? ever make . well , yeah , the plot be not so strong and evident as in the book , sometimes meander and loose its suspense among aesthetic subtlety . but the film be really and beautifully `` strange '' , have a enigma and style , that other version - with r.taylor and the new one from Poland - definitely lack . it have the air of Roman decadence , the beauty of decline paganism and infant Christianity . at least I believe it have -rrb- . Brandauer , Forrest and Syudov do excellent job in portray they character . Forrest 's Petronius seem to be the biggest success of the cast -lrb- let alone Brandauer who be the one of the greatest actor ever -rrb- and accumulate the very essence of this die world -lrb- imho -rrb- . that be it . that be the way it happen , guy ... -rrb- -rrb- -rrb- imho
oh my , this be the worst reunion movie I have ever see . -lrb- that be say a lot . -rrb- I be ashamed of watch . <br /> <br /> what happen in the script meeting ? `` Ooooooh , I know ! let 's have two stud muffin fall madly in love with the Most-Annoying-Character-Since-Cousin-Oliver . '' `` yeah , that 'll be cool ! '' <br /> <br /> even for sitcom , this be the most implausible plot since Ron Popeil start spray painting bald man .
the movie follow the event of the novel `` Cel mai iubit dintre pamanteni '' -lrb- could be translate as `` the most beloved among human '' -rrb- , write by Marin Preda -lrb- a very controversial book and movie -rrb- , a novel which become something like the Bible or the story of Hamlet , very popular and hard to get , due to its satiric contents over the communist regime . it represent the drama of the intellectual man , the humanist , in a `` red '' world . a movie fill with passion , fear , sexuality , all the great ingredient for a great movie recipe.one of the greatest romanian movie , despite its psychological charge -lrb- after all , it be a european movie -rrb- .
the school nerd Marty -lrb- Simon Scuddamore -rrb- be sexually humiliate by a bunch of classmate and then be in a lab explosion -lrb- set by they also -rrb- where he face be scar by acid . year later all the jerk get invite back to the high school -lrb- since close -rrb- for a reunion . what they do not know be that Marty be invite they back to kill they . then a storm start , they be lock in the school and Marty start to take revenge . <br /> <br /> Pretty silly . the murder be inventive and gory and there be some creepy atmospheric shot of the desert school -- but that be about it . the humiliation inflict on scuddamore be more than cruel -lrb- he be strip , have he head dunk in a toilet and get burnt -rrb- and be just uncomfortable to watch . consider Scuddamore commit suicide shortly after this be release make they almost impossible to view . also this movie go out of its way to have nudity . there be full frontal of scuddamore -lrb- surprising for any movie -rrb- but one girl decide to take a bath alone ... after they know a killer be wander around after they ! and then there be the couple that have to have sex . this be the type of film where the killer seem to know where everybody be go to be and can teleport himself to they . it end with a twist which have I groan and roll my eye then ANOTHER twist which have I want to throw something heavy at the tv ! the acting be bearable -- not good , but bearable . Caroline Munro be in this too . she be a very beautiful woman but not much of a actress . <br /> <br /> this get a 3 for some effectively gory murder and atmosphere . otherwise it be run of the mill and forgettable . Scuddamore 's tragic suicide have give this film more attention than it deserve .
this be a unusual Laurel & Hardy comedy with something of a split personality : at time it feel like two movie make in different style splice into a single short . happily , each portion be funny in its own right , and the boy ' seemingly effortless clowning carry the day and synthesize the film 's disparate element into a entertaining whole . while I have never hear a fan cite dirty work as he or she favorite Laurel & Hardy comedy , it be nonetheless one that everybody seem to like . <br /> <br /> we story be set in the home of Professor Noodle , who represent one key element of the story-line : a wildly over-the-top parody of Mad Scientist scenario . this mark a rare venture into sci-fi territory for L&H ; Abbott & Costello and the three stooge tangle with mad doctor far more often than Stan & Ollie . in any event , the professor be obsess with create a rejuvenate serum that can make people younger , while he sarcastic butler , Jessup , express the viewer 's skepticism with rolled eye and the occasional dry quip . meanwhile , Stan & Ollie be chimney sweep who show up at the Professor 's home the very day he perfect he solution . `` they '' portion of the film consist of characteristic -lrb- but first-rate -rrb- slapstick involve the chimney , the roof , shovel , and a number of unfortunate mishap . if you do not enjoy watch these guy screw up a task then you probably will not like dirty work , but for fan of the team this movie be a feast . the highlight come when Ollie plummet through the chimney , land in the fireplace , and be then pummel with brick that fall onto he head with maddening rhythmic precision , one by one . I also like the shot of Ollie tumble off the roof into a greenhouse ; the process work be so slapdash I suspect it be something of a inside joke , the way W.C. Fields ' movie would feature the world 's worst rear-projection screen . <br /> <br /> the slapstick stuff be great fun , but it be the mad scientist motif that make this film offbeat , and two support player deserve a tip of the bowler hat : prolific character actor Lucien Littlefield be terrific as the professor , deliver he overripe line with relish and cackle with hammy glee , while Sam Adams be a stitch in the less showy role of Jessup the butler . as great as Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy be in they prime , it be always worth note that they support cast at the Hal Roach Studio give they film a enormous boost . so too , usually , do the background music of Le Roy Shield , but DIRTY work mark a rare occasion from this period that a Roach comedy have no musical accompaniment at all after the opening credit . mood music might have enhance the proceedings , but no matter ; this be a highly enjoyable comedy anyhow , and a prime example of what make Laurel & Hardy so popular in they day .
rich ditzy Joan Winfield -lrb- a woefully miscast Bette Davis -rrb- be engage to be marry to stupid egotistical Allen Brice -lrb- Jack Carson look lose -rrb- . she father -lrb- Eugene Palette -rrb- be determine to stop the marriage and have she kidnap by pilot Steve Collins -lrb- James Cagney . seriously -rrb- . they crash land in the desert and hate each other but -lrb- sigh -rrb- start fall in love . <br /> <br /> this seem to be get a high rating from reviewer here only because Cagney and Davis be in it . they be both brilliant actor but they be know for drama not comedy and this movie show why ! the script be just horrible -- there be not one genuine laugh in the entire movie . the run joke in this have Cagney and Davis fall rump first in a cactus -lrb- this be do three time ! -rrb- . only they considerable talent save they from be completely humiliate . as it be they both do they best with the lousy material . Cagney try he best with he line and Davis screech every line full force but it do not work . Carson have this `` what the hell '' look on he face throughout the entire movie -lrb- probably because he character emotion change in seconds -rrb- . only palette with he distinctive voice and over the top reading mange to elicit a few smile . but , all in all , this be dull and laughless -- a real chore to sit through . this get two star only for Cagney and Davis ' acting and some beautiful cinematography but really -- it be not worth see . Cagney and Davis hate this film in later year and you can see why .
`` the Muppets take Manhattan '' be different in a lot of way to every other Muppet Movie make so far . for one , it remain the only Muppet film not own by Disney . as of 2008 , the film still belong to 20th Century Fox -lrb- CBS Fox at the time of its release -rrb- even though Disney own the rights to the Muppets . also , this film have a story line that be very non-linear , and event that be otherwise unpredictable . <br /> <br /> of course , it be very hard to beat the original `` Muppet Movie '' from 1979 , especially since that movie have more memorable song than `` Manhattan '' do . however , one way in which `` the Muppets take Manhattan '' be better than `` the Muppet Movie '' be perhaps the surprisingly realistic scenario . in the first movie , all the Muppets really have to do be go to Hollywood , walk into a agent 's office , and they be immediately give a `` Rich & Famous '' contract . in this movie , the Muppets learn that they actually have to work for they desire success , and it be a lot harder to do that , especially in the entertainment business , than they initially think . that be a important and often time overlook message , provide one be willing to suspend the disbelief that the Muppets , be small and make of cloth , do not necessarily have to live in a spacious place or even eat respectively . above all , they struggle to make it after graduate college create a very good story . another note : the celebrity cameo in the movie be cool , and they surprisingly manage not to take away the spotlight from the Muppets . that ability right there be a testament to Henson , and how appeal the Muppet character be even to adult . <br /> <br /> where `` Manhattan '' fall flat , and this be where I be sure people will disagree with I , be with some of the key song , especially in the end . I think the wedding song `` he 'll make I happy '' be too somber for such a happy occasion as a wedding . it sound more like a song that be play at a funeral . every time I watch this movie , hear that song make I unusually depress , especially when the film begin on such a upbeat number as `` together again '' and end happily for that matter . `` say Goodbye '' be a sad number too , but it fit better into the movie because the Muppets be disband and be not sure they be go to see each other again . that last song be such a let down , and perhaps even add to younger viewer ' misery of see they favorite Muppets leave the big screen . <br /> <br /> `` the Muppets take Manhattan '' be overall a good film , and one that march to the beat of a different drum than the other Muppet film , include the newer one make after the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt . fortunately , the film march in the same direction as well . I just wish the film end on a better song that be not quite so melancholy . plus , Disney should have get its hand on this film 's copyright and give it a proper dvd release . maybe it will someday . we 'll see .
this short film that inspire the soon-to-be full length feature - Spatula Madness - be a hilarious piece that contend against similar cartoon yield multiple writer . the short film star Edward the Spatula who after be fire from he job , join in the fight against the evil spoon . this premise allow for some funny content near the beginning , but be barely present for the remainder of the feature . this film 's 15-minute run time be absorb by some odd-ball comedy and a small musical number . unfortunately not much else lie below it . the plot that be set up do not really have time to show . but it be surely follow it plot better than many high-budget Hollywood film . this film be worth watch at least a few time . take it for what it be , and do not expect a deep story .
the memory bank of most of the reviewer here must have short-circuit when try to recall this cubic zirconium of a gem , because practically everyone manage to misquote Lloyd Bochner 's Walter Thornton , when in a fit of peevish anger , he hurl the phallic garden nozzle at he new wife , Jerilee Randall-Thornton , -lrb- a nearly comatose Pia Zadora -rrb- which be use to sexually assault she earlier in the movie ... but I be get ahead of myself . in any case , poor Lloyd could have be snarl that line at the speechless audience as much as he be he put-upon co-star . <br /> <br /> hard as it be for most of we to believe , especially these day , nobody in Hollywood set out to intentionally make a bad movie . this be certainly not the most defensible argument to make , since there just seem to be so damn many of they come out . but then again , there be that breed of film that one must imagine during the time of its creation , from write , cast and direction , must have be curse with the cinematic equivalent of try to shoot during the Ides of March . <br /> <br /> the lonely lady be in that category , and represent itself very well , consider the circumstance . here we have all the ingredient in a recipe guarantee to produce a monumentally fall soufflé : Pia Zadora , a marginal singer/actress so determine to be take seriously , that she would take on practically anything that might set she apart from she peer , -lrb- which this movie most certainly do ! -rrb- ; a somewhat high-profile novel write by the Trashmaster himself , Harold Robbins -lrb- of the carpetbagger and dream die FIRST fame -rrb- ; a cast who probably think they be so fortunate to be work at all , that they try to play this dreck like it be Clifford Odets or Ibsen ; plus a director who more than likely be a hire gun who keep the mess move just to collect a paycheck , -lrb- and be probably contractually obligated not to demand the use of the ` Alan Smithee ' moniker to protect what be leave of he reputation . -rrb- like Lamont Johnson 's LIPSTICK , Meir Zarchi 's I spit on your grave , Roger Vadim 's BARBARELLA , Paul Verhoeven 's SHOWGIRLS or the grandmammy of really bad film-making , Frank Perry 's MOMMY DEAREST , the lonely lady be still often-discussed , -lrb- usually with disgust , disbelief , horrify laughter , or a unique combination of all three -rrb- , yet also defy dissection , description or even the pretzel logic of Hollyweird . nobody 's sure how it come to be , how it be ever release in even a single theater , or why it be still here and nearly impossible to get rid of , but take it or leave it , it be here to stay . and I do not think that lover of really good bad movie would have it any other way .
I be sure deep in the recess of Jack Blacks mind the character of Nacho Libre be absolutely hilarious but no it be not . you can tell ol Jacks have a whale of a time hammin it up play a smarmy , slimy mexican friar with dream of become a wrestler but this movie be a total misfire in just about every single department . <br /> <br /> I just sit there through most of the movie think `` be this suppose to be funny '' and `` this be the guy from tenacious d right ? '' . the truth be this film have NOTHING to offer . at all ! it be a lousy script with crappy character and really naff act and direction . you 'll watch endless moment where you think something funny be surely about to happen but it just do not . I be bore stupid about 10 minute in but though it would surely pick up . it do not . 90 minute later I would barely manage to stave off a aneurism it be that painful . <br /> <br /> it be like , remember year ago when you would see anything with you fave actor in it , even some of they really early pap from before they be famous , and you would be really embarrassed that say actor be actually in such a load of plop . yeah it be like that . <br /> <br /> I have enjoy some of Jack Black 's earlier movie like Shallow Hall and I be really look forward to see pick of destiny but come on man . if you do this to we again Jack I be gon na have to come round there and hammer you kneecap or something . at the least give you a serious talk to . <br /> <br /> I know it be a cliché but this be one of the worst movie I have ever see and for so many reason ...
First off , I want to say , `` thanks , Disney , for finally release the `` Cinderella '' movie on dvd ! now you have all the Disney animated film on dvd -lrb- include the 1999 limited edition -rrb- ! what be you go to do next ? you be go to Disney World !!!!! '' well , technically -lrb- I mean , look at the castle !!!!! -rrb- <br /> <br /> anyway , Disney remain magical in he 1950 animated classic film `` Cinderella , '' the movie that put fairy tale movie on the map . we be all familiar with the story of Cinderella , she stepsister , she date , the glass slipper , the pumpkin that turn into a carriage just for say `` bippity - boppity-boo ! , '' and of course , try to head home by midnight ! <br /> <br /> what I like about this film : it be a grand old fairy tale that child like , now in a movie form -lrb- as well as on dvd as well -rrb- !!!!! <br /> <br /> `` Cinderella '' - thank you , Disney !!!!! 10 star .
I love Paul McCartney . he be , in my oppinion , the greatest of all time . I could not , however , afford a ticket to he concert at the Tacoma Dome during the Back in the U.S. tour . I be upset to say the least . then I find this dvd . it be almost as good as be there . Paul be still the man and I will enjoy this for year to come . <br /> <br /> I do have one complaint . I would of like to hear all of hey Jude . <br /> <br /> also Paul be not dead . <br /> <br /> the single greatest concert dvd ever . <br /> <br /> ***** out of ***** .
this be the fifth von Trier film I have see . I believe that he be the only director to whom I have give such a high score on all he movie . four of they , the element of crime , Europa , break the Waves , and dancer in the dark , I have give a 10 , and one , the idiot , I have give a 9 -lrb- and I have be reconsider whether to give it a 10 since I first see it , although I would like to see it once more before I do -rrb- . he have be chide for call himself one of the best working director . I tend to agree with he . I can not blame he for be arrogant when he have make such great film . in 50 year , when von Trier retire , he will be look upon as the pre-eminent film artist from Europe -lrb- perhaps from the planet -rrb- , and there will be class teach in he name . he simply be the Bergman or Fellini of we time . it be too bad the critic be too intrigue with themselves to notice this . <br /> <br /> about Europa itself , I 'll admit that it be confuse and that its narrative do not seem strong . I think that be the point . this film be obviously mean to represent a nightmare , or the subconscious at some level . this be absolutely clear from the framing of the film : Max von Sydow 's narration . we be hypnotize , or von trier be hypnotize , and this be our/his subconscious mind . I be inclined to lean more towards he mind , since the degradation of Europe concern I , a american , very little . this framing be also clear if you have see the element of crime , a even more brilliant film than this -lrb- although I be dispute that in my mind ; what Europa need more than anything be a proper release on dvd , hopefully Criterion again , with theatrical aspect ratio and remaster sound and picture ; then , I be fairly sure , this film would seem as great as any of von Trier 's other film -rrb- . in the element of crime , the film begin with a hypnotist , whom we actually see on screen this time , be hypnotize Fisher , a european detective who want to get to the root of he mental anguish . the first word of that film be `` Fantasy be okay , but my job be to keep you on track . '' and whenever Fisher , the narrator , get off track , the hypnotist do chastize he and tell he to get back on with the story . he even laugh when a character be give a really silly and trite line . something along the line of , `` do you understand the difference between good and evil ? '' the hypnotist laugh and say , `` now , Fisher , she do not really say that , do she ? '' <br /> <br /> so the key to interpret Europa , almost a sequel of sort to the element of crime , be that we be deep in our/von trier 's subconscious , and the symbol there be to be interpret within ourselves and will likely be different for everyone . what do the train itself symbolize ? consider it internally , and only then discuss it externally . Europa be a great film , a masterpiece . I be never bore by it , even though I watch it at 3 am . the perfect time to watch , actually , since it work in dream logic .
okay , I know this do ` nt project India in a good light . but the overall theme of the movie be not India , it be Shakti . the power of a warlord , and the power of a mother . the relationship between Nandini and she husband and son swallow you up in they warmth . then thing go terribly wrong . the interaction between Nandini and she father in law - the power of they dysfunctional relationship - and the life change by it be the strength of this movie . Shah Rukh Khan 's performance seem to be a mere cameo compare to the believable desperation of Karisma Kapoor . it be easy to get catch up in the love , violence and redemption of life in this film , and find yourself heave a sigh of relief and sadness at the climax . the musical interlude be strength , believable and well do .
I wish kid movie be still make this way ; dark and deep . there be -lrb- get this -rrb- character development -lrb- and Charlie be the epitome of the dynamic character -rrb- , plot development , superb animation , emotional involvement , and a rational , relatable , and consistent theme . if not for the handful of song-and-dance routine , you would never have think this be a kid movie , and this be why I give it such a high rating . this movie be a excellent film , let alone for a kid ' movie . which bring I to my second point : this have get to be the darkest `` kid ' '' movie I have see in quite some time , this come from a 22-year-old . I would be shock to see any child under the age of 8 not completely terrify throughout a great deal of the latter half and some of the first half of the movie , and it all end with one of the saddest ending you could ever come across -lrb- alum `` jurassic bark '' , for those of you who be ` Futurama ' fan -rrb- , and this be what make this movie so good . just because the movie universally evoke emotion we do not normally like to feel and assume be bad do not make the movie itself bad ; in fact , it mean it succeed . good funny movie be suppose to make we laugh ; good horror movie be suppose to make we scare ; good sad movie be suppose to make we sad . my point be , good movie be suppose to move you , not simply entertain ; this movie move I . <br /> <br /> also , this movie be incredibly violent by today 's standard for a kid ' movie and contain subject matter that , by today 's standard , may not be suitable for some child . parent , I would say watch it first . I be not usually one to say anything about this kind of thing , but I just see this yesterday and it come as a surprise even to I .
maybe I be miss something because I have read more positive thing about the man who cheat himself than I have read bad review - and I just do not get it . I like my noir to have a little style to they with character that speak , look , and act like Humphrey Bogart in the big Sleep or Gene Tierney in Laura . none of the character in this movie have that style or presence or whatever you want to call it . take the lead actor , Lee J. Cobb . he rumpled , rolled-out-of-bed look be about as far from the dashing , smooth-talking noir archetype as you 'll find . or , take Jane Wyatt as the femme fatale as another example . this be one of the worst case of miscast I have see in a while . she be just not convince in the role . <br /> <br /> as for the plot , it be tired and lack any real surprise or anything new for the genre . I could have predict the outcome of the man who cheat himself after about five minute . and that final cat-and-mouse chase scene be plain old dull . ten to fifteen minute of nothing happen really ruin any pacing the movie may have have go for it .
this movie be such cheesy goodness . <br /> <br /> a bunch of people trap in a abandoned school . they start get kill off , they know they be be stalk , so what do they do ? one girl decide to take a bath , another decide to cheat on she husband -lrb- who be also there -rrb- with a old boyfriend so they somehow find a bed -lrb- in a old abandoned school ? -rrb- and go at it . <br /> <br /> and it come through with the gore and the t&a . <br /> <br /> and it be also interesting from a historical/sociological point of view . where the usual 80 's slasher be a reflection of how we view ourselves , or how adult view young people , or as Hollywood view the rest of the country this have a unique perspective . this be a Brit film make to be a american slasher . it be hilarious to see how often the british actor who be try to speak `` american '' unintentionally slip back in to they UK accent . <br /> <br /> if you like cheesy 80 's slasher -lrb- like Pieces -rrb- then you will like this one .
Aaron Spelling produce this make for television western that get awfully plotty for a seventy three minute film . it play like a probable fail series pilot . <br /> <br /> handsome Clint Walker be U.S. Marshal Dave Harmon , who wander into Yuma , Arizona Territory in time to kill one of the brother of the local bigwig rancher who be out on a trail drive . <br /> <br /> Walker take the other brother to jail . Walker also meet a `` cute '' homeless mexican kid who sleep at the jailhouse . one night , Andres be snooze when a villain and another man dress in Army blue take the remain brother into the street and kill he , pin the murder on Walker . not good for you first twenty four hour on the job . Walker visit the local Army fort , and rankle the chain of the commander . the bigwig hear of he brother ' death , and ride back to town in time to get he chain rankle as well . the local native population , who get short change by the Army on they beef , also get rankle in the chain area . with all these chain get rankle , Walker still have time to woo the local hotel owner . the Army guy involve in the murder end up dead , the local cattle buyer be implicate , the indian do a lot of hesitant speechifying , and the climax bring about a unlikely showdown as Walker must prove to the town that the villainous cattle buyer have a boss , someone we have suspect as be too helpful all along . <br /> <br /> there be a semi-subplot involve the death of Walker 's family at the hand of Army raider , and I think this would have be the force behind the series , have it be pick up . instead , the film end abruptly , and I keep wait for scene from next week 's exciting episode . because of the fade out for nonexistent commercial break , the pacing be all off on this and its story jump in fit . <br /> <br /> Walker be handsome , rugged , and have a voice deeper than a well . the rest of the cast be full of television actor you have probably see in other television movie . much of the action be pretty lame , and the violence be tepid . the first brother kill get a shotgun blast midtorso , and fall without a scratch on he . I do not expect `` Reservoir Dogs , '' but this be the wrong film to use to teach child about the evil of gun ! speak of child , the mexican kid here go from `` cute '' to `` aneurysm induce annoyance '' very quickly . <br /> <br /> if you dislike western , then you will dislike `` Yuma . '' if you like western , then you will still dislike `` Yuma . '' I can not recommend it . <br /> <br /> this be unrated , but contain physical violence and gun violence . <br /> <br />
panic be a sneaky little gem of a film - you think you have it figure out by the first half hour only to realize , with great pleasure , that Henry Bromell be a much better writer/director than that . <br /> <br /> the film build slowly , with one quietly devastating scene after another , all enact perfectly by William H. Macy , Donald Sutherland , Neve Campbell , Tracey Ullman , John Ritter , and the most remarkable child actor I have see in a long time , David Dorfman , as Macy 's son , who deliver he line as if they be completely unscripted thought be create in he mind . Rich and rewarding , this film will stay with you long after the credit have roll .
audience back in 1936 must have be stun at what they be watch : a full-fledged , beautiful full-length Technicolor film . I can not say for sure , but this might have be the first one -lrb- 3-strip -rrb- . at any rate , it still look beautiful over 70 year later on dvd . in fact , just how good it look be amazing . <br /> <br /> kudos for that have to go out to Director Richard Boleslowski , Director of Photography Virgil Miller , Selznick International Pictures and , for the dvd - MGM Home Entertainment . all of they combine to give we one of the best-looking film of the classic-era age . <br /> <br /> I think the story be so-so : excellent in the first half , stagnant in the second . it give a nice message in the end , even though a lot of people might not have be happy with it . I can not say more without spoil thing . <br /> <br /> Marlene Dietrich never look better , I do not believe , and certainly never play such a soft-hearted character -lrb- `` Domini Enfilden '' -rrb- . heart-throb Charles Boyer be the male star and Domini 's object of affection , but some of the minor character be the most interesting to I . people like Joseph Schildkraut as `` Batouch ; '' John Carradine as `` the Sand Diviner ; '' the most memorable , to I at least , be the dancer `` Irena , '' play by Tilly Losch . wow , there be a face and a dance you will not soon forget ! I have never see anything like it in the thousand of film I have view . just see she do she thing be worth the price of the dvd . look at she imdb resume , she be only in four movie , but they be all well-known film . <br /> <br /> Basil Rathbone , the actor who really become famous for play `` Sherlock Holmes , '' also be in here as be C. Aubrey Smith , another famous british actor of he day . Schildkraut , by the way , will be recognize by classic film buff as the man who play the arrogant sale clerk in the big hit , `` the Shop around the corner , '' with Jimmy Stewart and Margaret Sullivan . <br /> <br /> the beautiful direction , photography and color , and Tilly 's dance , be the thing I 'll remember best about this movie which be a lot of good and not-so-good thing all roll into one . have the last half hour be better - although I admire the end - I would have rate it even higher . it be definitely one film collector want to add to they collection .
I be sad that a period of history that be so fascinating and so rich in material for film can be make into a ho-hum event . wm c quantrill be barely show in the film , probably the most intriquing figure of the period . Frank James be never mention , Cole Younger , ditto , and Bloody Bill Anderson , who would weep for he murder sister every time he go into battle be completely absent in the script . instead we be force to watch fictitious character that never develop into anyone we care about . how sad . the costume be wonderful however , as be the location shooting in Missouri . I hope Ang Lee will make another film from the period and try again , or some other film maker will look into the tremendous wealth of material to write a screen play on .
make a 0 you SACKS of German STAPLES ! well , when i start to watch this sack of crud , it be a Sunday afternoon , and i be just look for stuff on show time . I be introduce to a hot naked babe , and like any guy -lrb- im a guy , the e-mail be my sister ... -rrb- i be happy . but then they throw it all to the dog , spit on it , light it on fire , and pee it out . you wan na know how ? the dumb chick talk ! the dialog throughout the film be just horrible . sound like something my 2nd grade bro could wright . the violence be nice for some scene , but some be just totally moronic . the scene in the pit be he give the guy the knife ... dumb moron ! to sum it up , this be pure cinema barf drench in the chocolate syrup know as nudity , and top with the cherry of horrible act as only a porn star could deliver .
Lee Chang-dong 's exceptional `` secret Sunshine '' be the single most emotionally ravage experience of the year . it be a instantly sobering , brutally honest character piece on the reverberation of loss and a graceful memento morus that resonate with a striking density of thought , yet remain as inscrutable as the emotion it observe . through its layered naturalism and stunningly trenchant view of small-town dynamics , Lee implicitly deconstruct the traditional korean melodrama by pull apart the cinematic of excess and rip to shred the arc that shape its character and grounds the proceedings into a crush grind of stoic realism . <br /> <br /> `` secret Sunshine '' remain a immensely compelling , fluid work throughout its 142-minute runtime . its bravura first hour be fill to the brim with subtextual insinuation , remarkable foreshadowing and adroit reversal of tone bring about by humanistic capriciousness . adapt from a short story , Lee infuse the film with he sensitivity for the sublime paradox of life , last see in he transgressively comic and irreverent `` Oasis '' . understand how personal revolution be forge when view of we universe be change , Lee not only see the emotional cataclysm of a widow 's sorrow through a inquire scope but also feel the tumultuous existential current that underpin the film when religion become a narrative scapegoat in comprehend the heinousness of the human experience . <br /> <br /> do-yeon Jeon 's -lrb- `` you be my Sunshine '' -rrb- best actress accolade at Cannes in 2007 be well deserve . she performance as the widow shin-ae remain a unrelenting enigma . as a character pull apart by force beyond she control , the sheer magnificence of this performance be central to the film 's turbulent nature . with Jeon essay one cyclonic upheaval after another , there be a tremulous sense of collapse that the film , to its credit , never approach . instead it find a delicate balance that sap the charged theatricality and subsequent banality from ordinary tragedy and its fallout . she become the centre of the film 's universe as well as ours . film in glorious hand-held CinemaScope , the film demolish the cinematicism of frame and composition by become visually acute just as it be quietly harrowing when the camera never relinquish its gaze from shin-ae through time of happiness , guilt and remorse . <br /> <br /> Lee capture the detail of life in the small , suspicious town of Miryang -- the awkwardness of communal situation , its uncomfortable silence and its devastation spin out of personal drama . shin-ae 's interaction with the townsfolk rarely inspire dividend , especially when they be merely do out of obligation to fit in for the sake of she son , jun -lrb- seon jung-yeop -rrb- . the one recur acquaintance be jong-chan -lrb- song kang-ho -rrb- , a bachelor mechanic of uncertain intention who help she en route to Miryang in the film 's enchant open sequence set to a captivating stream of sunlight . song have situate himself as a comedic anti-hero in South Korea 's biggest film but he nuanced , low-key delivery here purport the director 's thought process of never have to reveal more than plainly necessary . <br /> <br /> if pain be ephemeral , then grief can never truly dissipate . and Lee find complexity in subsistence . when shin-ae attempt to head down the path of reconciliation only to be face again with unimaginable heartbreak , she unsuccessfully employ the fellowship of evangelical Christianity as a foil to she sorrow . but Lee know better than that when he understand that religion , in the context of the human canvas of strife and misery , be never a simple solution . but Lee never rebuke the essence of religion as he realise the value of salvation for some through a higher power even if it serve a form of denial in other . the scene in its latter half which deal with religion do not allow itself to become aggressively scornful , which be a feat in itself consider how many filmmaker let the momentum of the material take over from what they need to say to be true to its story and character . <br /> <br /> Lee 's first film since he call to office as he country 's Minister of Culture and Tourism be a uncompromising dissertation on human suffering . in a film so artless and genuine , it arduously reveal that there be nothing as simple as emotional catharsis , just the suppression and abatement of agony . `` secret Sunshine '' leave we with tender mercy pull out of evanescence , and point towards a profound understanding of despair and faith .
contain spoiler . <br /> <br /> the british director J. Lee Thompson make some excellent film , notably ` Ice Cold in Alex ' and ` Cape fear ' , but ` country Dance ' be one of he more curious offering . the story be set among the upper class of rural Scotland , and detail the strange triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson , a eccentric aristocratic landowner , he sister Hilary , and Hilary 's estrange husband Douglas , who be hope for a reconciliation with she . we learn that during he career as a Army officer , Charles be regard as have ` low moral fibre ' . this appear to have be a accurate diagnosis of he condition ; throughout the film he display a attitude of gloomy disillusionment with the world , and he main source of emotional support seem to be Hilary and he whisky bottle . the film end with he committal to a upper-class lunatic asylum . <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole be , when he be at he best as in ` Lawrence of Arabia ' , one of Britain 's lead actor , but the quality of he work be very uneven , and ` country Dance ' be not one of he better film . he overact frantically , make Charles into a caricature of the useless inbred aristocrat , as though he be audition for a part in the Monty Python ` upper-class twit of the year ' sketch . Susannah York as Hilary and Michael Craig as Douglas be rather better , but there be no really outstanding act performance in the film . there be also little in the way of coherent plot , beyond the tale of Charles 's inexorable downward slide . <br /> <br /> the main problem with the film , however , be neither the act nor the plot , but rather that of the Theme that Dare not speak its name . there be half-hearted hint of a incestuous relationship between Charles and Hilary , or at least of a incestuous attraction towards she on he part , and that he dislike of Douglas be motivate by sexual jealousy . unfortunately , even in the swing sixty and early seventy -lrb- the date of the film be variously give as either 1969 or 1970 -rrb- there be a limit to what the British Board of Film Censors be willing to allow , and a film with a explicitly incestuous theme be definitely off-limits . -lrb- the american title for the film be ` brotherly love ' , but this be not use in Britain ; be it too suggestive for the liking of the BBFC ? -rrb- these hint be therefore never develop and we never get to see what motivate Charles or what have cause he moral collapse , result in a hollow film with a hole at its centre . 4/10
I see this film numerous time in the late 60 's / early 70 's whenever it rear it be head like a reindeer with rabies every November-December as a Saturday matinée kiddie show.it be always stiff competition for the chrstma that almost be not -lrb- oops-can I say `` Christmas '' ? -rrb- , perhaps the greatest , most iconic christmas-season film of all time.but that be another review . <br /> <br /> at the time , I marvel that the on-screen tint of SANTA CLAUS be almost `` pink and white '' , so much have the color of the sprocket-torn print change color . <br /> <br /> the film be kinda creepy ! I think so then -- and still do , actually . I be highly entertain then , as I still be ! it be amusing in a `` retarted-elf '' sort of way . by the way , the image quality look much better on the dvd I have now than it do in the theater , circa 1969-74 . <br /> <br /> if you be expect maybe `` the lose rankin-bass Christmas special-forget it ! if you want FELLINI do Christmas -- read on ... <br /> <br /> by nature , the dub on these foreign film -lrb- the original version here be in Spanish -rrb- always make they seem `` surreal '' . this add to the film inherent oddness . it be also pretty scary in that a `` mishevious demon '' -lrb- as describe in the original US trailer -rrb- spend the entire film try to turn decent kid `` evil '' . one particularly nightmarish scene have a young `` latch-key '' boy wish he have parent for christmas-suddenly the `` port-a-family '' emerge out of giant `` Christmas presents-of-the-mind '' until he realize he be just daydream ! see this , Christmas lover -- and if you be a stoner , save you stash -- this film will make you think you be hallucinate ... without drug !
although it get some favorable press after play at the Toronto Intl. . Film Festival , there be a number of reason not to expect too much from this . one -- it be a ultra-low budget canadian film . two -- it be write , direct and star the same person -lrb- usually a bad sign , unless it be Woody Allen , George Clooney or one or two other respected filmmaker -rrb- . but despite my watch it with lowered expectation , it still turn out to a far bigger disappointment than I think possible . <br /> <br /> in a nutshell -- bad script , bad acting , terrible directing ! do not waste you time or money on this turkey . it claim to be a comedy , but I only laugh twice . plus , there be awful music blare throughout . how this get any attention I 'll never know .
** possible spoiler ** <br /> <br /> this straight-to-video mess combine a gun-toting heroine , grade-z effect , nazi , a mummy and endless lesbian footage and it be still boring ; the video 's 45 minute run time only seem like eternity.the only good part be one of the blooper outtake , wherein the bad guy force a 400-pound egyptologist into a chair -- and one villain 's foot almost get crush under a chair leg . take this snoozer back to the video store and watch televise golf , bowling or tennis instead .
John candy . need we say more ? he be the main reason you should see this film . most people do not realize how gifted he be as a actor . witness he change from poor slob to horny jerk . just a simple -lrb- subtle -rrb- facial change and off we go . there be many great bit in this movie and many really dumb bit . the best moment for I be the KUNG FU U scene as well as the great moment when John -lrb- in a trance -rrb- go up on stage and talk about how much he love he girlfriend-that be how much he and he genitals love he girlfriend . I be sure reading this you might think this sequence sound really crude . it be , but it be also very funny mainly because it be John candy do this bit . the story in general be pretty lame and Eugene Levy and Joe Flaherty -lrb- both SCTV alumnus with candy -rrb- be not give enough to do in the film . Levy have he moment , especially film the wedding at the end -lrb- think Rod Serling -rrb- and the great scene when he be talk to he mother on the phone . overall a good movie if you have have a tough day and need to put you brain on stupid . I give this one 4 out of 10 .
do not see this movie . bad acting and stupid gore effect . a complete waste of time . I be hope to see a lot of cool murder and hot chick , instead the director depend on animal slaughter video to shock you , the watcher . disgust . the murder be pretty lame , basically strangulation . one woman he stuff worm in she mouth , one he put raw hamburger on she face and strangle she . btk = btk broiler , burger king 's `` killer '' new sandwich ... ha ha . I do not think this movie rely too much on actual fact . I mean , he real btk killer do not carry around a bunch of rodent , scorpion and worm . . and oh yeah ... a slaughter cow head too . go figure .
just kid ! this be one of the worst movie I have ever see ! it be so bad though , that it be hilarious . my friend and I purposly rent it because it look so bad . cheesy old horror flick be always good for some laugh . the plot stunk , some of the voice be dub , the quality be horrendous . but I sure have a blast watch it !
not that I be really surprised ... movie be never as good as the book that they originate from . I be look forward to see this movie because this be one of my favorite book , even though I know it would probably suck . I be hope to be pleasantly surprise . however , they stray from the book 's storyline too much , and the movie version do not convey how horrible this house really be . end be different too . Lara Flynn Boyle look terrible due to some really bad cosmetic surgery . the acting be unremarkable at best . perhaps if a theatrical version be make so that they would not have to stay so much in Lifetime 's `` make for tv movie '' box , it would be a better flick . if you see this movie I highly encourage you to track down the book and read it . I doubt you 'll be disappointed and hope you enjoy it as much as I do every time I read it .
what a preposterous story , murder blackmail , child sex allegation , gay and the catholic church ... absolute tripe . how be it that most UK base tv drama , sit com etc have to include the obligortory gay , its really get tiresome now . everybody accept that there be gay people in society just have there be other minority group , but we do not want it ram down we throat -lrb- i 'll pass on this one -rrb- in every single show . apart from the above , the drama go from what could have be a interesting little story into a pantomime , the priest be a paedophile and there be gay run about every where , oh yes just to be totally pc one of the gay couple be black.i be surprise at c ecclestone for even contemplate this when he read the script .
my Super Ex-Girlfriend be a entertaining movie no more no less . <br /> <br /> the story be quiet simple . Matt Saunders -lrb- Luke Wilson -rrb- meet Jenny -lrb- Uma Thurman -rrb- on the subway and hook up with she . in the beginning of they relationship everything seem to be ok , but then Matt find out that she be G-Girl . at first that seem really cool to Matt but it turn out that G-Girl be very jealous and needy . so he decide to break up with she and hook up with he colleague Hannah -lrb- Anna Faris -rrb- . this make G-Girl very mad and she start to avenge herself on she former boyfriend . <br /> <br /> what I like most in the movie be the scene where G-Girl avenge herself on Matt . it be also nice to see Anna Faris in another role then she character from the scary movie saga . <br /> <br /> I give this movie a 7 out of 10 and recommend it to anybody who like a nice comedy .
Buster Keaton be find he feature length voice in `` three Ages . '' there be some fine sequence , but it do not quite hang together . the `` chariot race '' in `` three Ages '' be hilarious . include be 2 shorts , one of which , `` the Goat , '' be excellent .
as a another reviewer state Hanna 's War be a outstanding film about a outstanding person , Hanna `` Anniko '' Senesh , who would become the jewish Joan of Arc . unfortunately I diverge in opinion not agree that Miss Detmers as the lead be too beautiful to be take seriously as a resistance fighter . in truth for I she performance be not hold back by she beauty but make it all the more stark in the terror of the sadistic brutality as a resistor she face . Maruschka Detmers performance be brave , poignant , heartfelt or understand , and totally believable . in other word for I `` in the zone . '' from the opening credit . if you would like to learn about the suffering of someone else for something they believe in and be impressively entertain give Hanna 's war with Maruschka Detmers a try . my hat be off also to Ellen Burstyn as Hanna 's mother a much well know and famous actress who could have make effort to walk off with the film . in that it be a team effort perhaps of two actress ' but not a all about Eve situation .
a common plotline in film consist of the main character leave the hustle and bustle of the city behind , and find themselves in the tranquility of nature . in power of Kangwon Province , we be show two story of individual do just that , try to find themselves through a trip to the popular korean park in the mountain of Kangwon Province . however , rather than epiphanal moment , we have two character whose trip into nature be just another form of escape . <br /> <br /> the pace of this movie be slow , contemplative . we learn in the end what really bring each to Kangwon Province and we learn how they be connect . for those who want Hollywood glam and for a movie to give they a definitive answer , this movie will not satisfy . but for those who want a movie that leave they think , wonder , affect they year after , this movie will more than satiate that longing .
a actor 's first film be usually something one can afford to miss - it be often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involve be truly on display , and this film be no exception . <br /> <br /> but worse than that , even by 1982 standard this be so bad , it be hysterically funny . film entirely in the Chicago area on a obviously small budget , most of the act by the entire cast be stiff , wooden , and cartoonish - a cross between a high school play and bad community theater . noise from nearby traffic often drown out the dialog , and the dialog be truly bad , very declarative in a way that come off as force and expedient rather than natural and organic . scene be contrived and choppy , and even though the character go through a span of year , neither the child nor the adult age at all . <br /> <br /> I do believe it be possible to make a christian film that be palatable to a large , secular audience , but too often the creator of such film be so focus on ` the message ' or in this case , they own autobiographical tie to the project that good film production value be toss aside . -lrb- I be sure it be no coincidence that the main character have the same name as the producer/director/editor - and cast member . -rrb- <br /> <br /> luckily , Michael Madsen be much more interesting - and believable - to watch in he subsequent film . career like he be certainly not build on film like this one .
good lord , whoever make this turkey need to be bury alive . I be sorry , but the other reviewer must not have see this movie , he must be watch something else , or have never see a movie before ... 9 out of ten star ? he be say what , this be as good as Ben Hur or go with the wind ? unintentionally funny , massively unbelievable character , absurd situation , look like it be shoot in Griffith Park -lrb- which work out pretty well -- mash be shoot in Griffith Park -rrb- , crappy script , just about everything that could possibly be wrong with a movie all roll into one package . should be require view for all prospective film maker as a example of how a movie could be horribly wrong . it remind I of something a USC student may make for a film class . <br /> <br /> give this one a pass unless you do drug and be into high camp .
First of all yes I be white , so I try to tread lightly in the ever delicate subject of race ... anyway ... White People hate black people = bad but black people hate white people = ok -lrb- because apparently we deserve it !! -rrb- . where do i start ? i wish i have something good to say about this movie aside unintended comedy scene : the infamous scene be Ice cube and co. get in a fight with some really big , really strong , really really angry and scary look Neo-Nazis and win !!! the neo-nazi where twice the size :-rrb-_NN , and the chase ! the chase be priceless ... this be not a movie about race , tolerance and understanding , it do not deliver ... this be a racist movie that re-affirm all the cliché stereotype , the white wimpy guy who get manhandle by he black roommate automatically transform in a skinhead ... cmon simply awful I do regret ever see it . <br /> <br /> save you time and the dreadful experience of a poorly write , poorly act , dull and clearly bias picture , if you be into the subject , go and Rent American history x , now that a movie
canadian director Vincenzo Natali take the art-house circuit by storm with the intriguing and astonishingly intelligent cube , which be my personal favourite sf film of the 90 . it frame the basic conceit of a group of stranger trap in a maze shape like a giant cube , shoot entirely on one set , and take this idea in fascinating direction . <br /> <br /> I have be eagerly await Natali 's follow-up , and although its take five year for he to mount another project , I be delighted to say it be worth the wait . Cypher be a fascinating exploration of one man 's place in the world , and how through a completely logical chain of event , find himself in a situation beyond he control . <br /> <br /> I do not want to reveal too much about the plot , because one of the joy of Cypher be the different avenue it take we down . it be so refreshing in this day and age to see a sf film that have more than one idea in it be head . Cypher be such a film . <br /> <br /> Morgan Sullivan -lrb- Jeremy Northam -rrb- , one of the blandest people to ever walk the planet , be hire by the company DigiCorp . they send he to different part of America to record different seminar . to he bewilderment , they be unbelievably boring . Covering topic as mundane as shave cream and cheese . <br /> <br /> while Morgan be wait for one seminar , he run into Rita Foster -lrb- a impeccably cast Lucy Liu -rrb- , the definition of a ice maiden . she give he the brush-off , but there be something to she he find irresistible . that be not too surprising consider the dry marriage he be in . <br /> <br /> when Rita turn up at another one of Morgan 's seminar , she tell he he life be not what it appear . and I be not say anything more about the plot . to do so would cheapen the impact the rest of the film have on we , as well as the tortuous path that be so much fun to follow . <br /> <br /> as with cube , natalus show quite a talent for encompass seemingly ordinary people , take they out of the familiar , and basically see what will happen when they be thrust into the unknown . and Cypher follow similar pattern . but it be not a carbon copy of cube . it have it be own inspiration . <br /> <br /> cypher be a film that have more in common with conspiracy thriller and paranoia story . one of the great thing about Cypher be the way these theme creep into the story without you knowledge . when Morgan realise he false identity be a piece of a much larger puzzle , it be as much of a shock to we as it be to he . <br /> <br /> one thing that distinguish Cypher from cube be how much more polish it be . where cube be confine to a minimalist setting and a shoestring budget with a cast of unknown , Cypher be also on a low budget , but Natali economise it as much as he can , allow he to broaden the horizon , and launch Morgan on a amazing journey through the labyrinth of he own identity . <br /> <br /> natalus 's direction be exceptional , with a deft hand on the rein . there be some amazing camera angle from above , such as the enormity of the DigiCorp building as a vast , robust office block in conjunction to the insignificant speck that be Morgan stand outside . all the colour appear to have be bleed out of the picture , which compliment the tone of the film perfectly as a modern day film-noir . <br /> <br /> the acting be uniformly excellent throughout . Jeremy Northam be a sympathetic figure from he loveless marriage to question he own identity . he performance be excellent because it be so modulate . he literally seem to transform right before we very eye . from a clinical , spineless wimp to a confident man who will do anything to preserve he new identity . <br /> <br /> David Hewlett put in a welcome appearance who make such a impact in cube . he reside in a secret silo that look like it be borrow from man in Black . he scene be one of the best because it be a exercise in carefully calculate suspense and paranoia . he be a suppose expert in identify double-agent , and it be a fantastic piece of write , brilliantly act by Hewlett . all he have to do be look at Morgan , and we be draw into he complex mind game . <br /> <br /> but it be Lucy Liu who be the scene stealer here . too often she be cast in film where she potential be not utilise to full effect . but in Cypher , she be finally give a character that fit she like a glove . Rita be a aloof , guard femme fatale that Liu inhabit with relish . I perk up every time she appear because she be always in control , and can reduce a room to silence by the power of she icy stare alone . <br /> <br /> thing come to a very gratifying end , that do not conclude on a ambiguous note the way cube do . but Morgan deserve he happy ending . after he be be put through the ringer like this , I cheer for he in the final scene . it be a perfect final moment because it come as a ray of sunshine after a gloomy 90 minute . <br /> <br /> cypher succeed on all count . engage , shocking , always entertaining , it be everything that total recall want to be but be not . and it come as a refreshing antidote to the overwhelming and inexplicable Matrix . <br /> <br /> a fine follow-up from natali . and now I be a committed fan of the man . superb stuff !
`` this story be dedicate to woman , '' accord to the introduction , `` who have be fight for they rights ever since Adam and Eve start the loose-leaf system . '' when `` Politics '' be film , the Nineteenth Amendment , guarantee woman the right to vote , be only a decade old . and , the film deal with the wield of political power by woman as a voting group . advocate prohibition , and shut down speakeasy , be a main concern for woman at the time . <br /> <br /> good-natured Marie Dressler -lrb- as Hattie Burns -rrb- become politically active , after a young woman be shoot and kill come out of a speakeasy . she want the liquor-selling joint close ; and , be draft into a mayoral run , after deliver a powerful speech at a woman 's rally . Ms. Dressler be support by she tenant , best friend Polly Moran -lrb- as Ivy Higgins -rrb- and she stuttering husband Roscoe Ates -lrb- as Peter Higgins -rrb- . Dressler 's run for Mayor of Lake City draw opposition from man in town ; so , dressler order the woman to go on strike , deny they , `` everything '' in the `` parlor , bedroom , and bath . '' <br /> <br /> the film sound much better than it turn out . the humor , frankly , be not too good ; and , it feature some unfunny and moderately offensive situation -lrb- `` you look like Madame Queen '' refer to a Amos and Andy character -rrb- . and , the mix of shooting and slapstick do not mix well , this time . producer might have consider make the film more dramatic , focus exclusively on Dressler and the character play by William Bakewell -lrb- as Benny Emerson -rrb- and Karen Morley -lrb- as Myrtle Burns -rrb- . <br /> <br /> **** politics -lrb- 7/25/31 -rrb- Charles Reisner ~ Marie Dressler , Polly Moran , Roscoe Ates
I cheer for film that fill in subject matter gap in world cinema . so after watch the trailer for `` Water Lilies , '' I expect to like this film because I think I would stumble on something unique : a movie that honestly portray teen lesbian love - sort of a female version of `` beautiful thing . '' <br /> <br /> the main character be young french woman 15 year old . Marie be slender , reticent and pretty in a tomboyish way ; Floriane be outgoing , athletic and beautiful ; and Anne be loyal , pudgy and behaviorally immature . the erotic interrelationship between Marie and Floriane be always simmer in this movie , if not at the surface , then just below it . <br /> <br /> `` Water Lilies , '' however , be not about the dawn of lesbian love upon two teens ; it be about sexual frustration , suffering , ennui , teens work at cross-purposes and - in at least two instance - joyless , mechanical sex . it also prove that screenwriter and film-maker mar they own creation when they become too manipulative . <br /> <br /> in the extra feature on the `` Lord of the Flies '' dvd , director Peter Brook say , `` french cynicism start with the arousal of sex , '' mean the french regard child as angel while they regard adolescent and adult with a pervasive cynicism . part of the downfall of this film be film-maker Celine Sciamma have gulp a mighty dose of this cynicism . <br /> <br /> `` where be the joy ? '' I ask myself while watch this film . yes , first love can be painful and frustrating , but it can also be joyful and triumphantly erotic in a fresh , life-affirming way . these positive aspect be miss from this movie ; there be no balance . <br /> <br /> Organically , this movie want to be a poignant celebration of first love . but Sciamma be too impressed with she own cynicism and cleverness and ruin the film . first , what be the point of show only the plump girl nude ? I know there be a established tradition of tasteful teen nudity in european cinema , as evidence by film like `` the Slingshot ; the rascal ; the Devil , probably ; the little thief ; Murmur of the Heart ; Friends ; Beau Pere '' and `` Europa , Europa '' ; but this instance be a petty authorial intrusion - `` see , audience , I can make a film where I show only the unattractive person nude . '' either no nudity or evenly distribute nudity would have be a honest way to go . <br /> <br /> there be a scene in a club where Floriane and Marie be dance . what follow next be not just Floriane cynically manipulate Marie ; it be film-maker Sciamma cynically manipulate she audience . <br /> <br /> perhaps the biggest betrayal of authenticity and organic honesty take place when Floriane warn Marie she be about to request something that be `` not normal . '' Marie understandably ask , `` who care about be normal ? '' then Sciamma play false with she audience and the hurtle momentum of the movie , because Floriane 's request be a phony , derivative and substitute question - not the authentic , heartfelt question the movie , Marie 's character and the viewer who have invest they time deserve . <br /> <br /> here be also two moment which clank falsely on the viewer 's nerve : 1 -rrb- since when do the french - of all people - take bath wear bathing suit , and with a turtle to boot ? 2 -rrb- what teen - of any nationality - would chomp down on a apple core that be be throw in the garbage in order to get a taste of the beloved 's mouth ? <br /> <br /> the three main actress be promising and , if they find better vehicle for they talent , may become excellent actor . Louise Blachere -lrb- Anne -rrb- be the best actress in term of technique and could have a successful career in support role . Adele Haenel -lrb- Floriane -rrb- could become a lead lady , or a bombshell , or both . Pauline Acquart -lrb- Marie -rrb- possess a intensity and magnetism which be unmistakable . in the future , she could play everything from a emotionally cripple librarian to a mysteriously sensual seductress to a reluctant politician ride a meteoric rise in acclaim . <br /> <br /> all in all , `` Water Lilies '' be very disappointing . will a honest film-maker please make a authentic movie about two young woman fall in love ! no - not necessarily for the sake of this middle-aged guy - but so young lesbian girl can have something of quality they can watch and identify with . and yes , to fill a subject matter gap in world cinema .
Mary Poppins be definitely much better , but this be a lovely film nonetheless . Angela Lansbury be splendidly dotty as Engletine Price , and David Tomlinson have great fun as Mr. Brown . they chemistry be just brilliant as well . the child , however just lack the same sparkle , though Paul be very funny and cute . the song be actually not as bad as some people say , `` beautiful Briny Sea '' be the best , in fact all the song be outstanding . the special effect be wonderful , that have plenty of magic , and the story be original enough . the highlight , though , like Mary Poppins , be the animated sequence . the underwater sequence be beautiful , but my favourite be the football match , which be absolutely hilarious . the only other criticism be that I do not quite get the end when I first see it . all in all , a lovely film , that be hardly ever on . 8/10 Bethany Cox
there can be no question of spoiler for this movie , the director beat we all too and spoil this movie in oh so many way . <br /> <br /> a blatant rip-off of stuff like critter and gremlin , this movie fail on so many level to recapture the humour and horror of those better make film . it end up a sleazy waste of time , where bad actor deliver bad dialogue in front of a idiot director , who occasionally toss stuff toy at they . they wrestle with say toy in much the same manner as old Tarzan film use to use rubber crocodile , shake they whilst scream and try they best to make it look slightly threatening . it be painful to watch , and not help by the mental 80 's fashion wear by the cast . <br /> <br /> basically , some crazy little alien who have be trap by a aging security guard in a film lot finally get free after umpteen year confinement , and begin to telepathically screw around with people mind . the guard new recruit , the idiot who let they out despite repeat warning , get he gang of 80 's friend together and they go off and have minor adventure together while try to recapture the Grem ... hobgoblin . <br /> <br /> all life be here , with the gang consist of a knucklehead jock , he 80 's slut girlfriend , the ` hero 's frigid and prissy girlfriend , and the young hero , lack in confidence and wish he girlfriend would put out anyway . <br /> <br /> First off come the infamous rake fight scene , where the ex-military jock show how he be train in the army to be a bully , poke the nerdy hero with the wrong end of a rake for what seem like hour . then there be some run around , terminate in a real pie-fight style end in a scuzzy nightclub with comedy hand-grenade blow up everything except the people stand right next to they . then the film sorta end , and all well that end well . <br /> <br /> it be not . this be like watch a train wreck , you cant take you eye off it , it be so bad . Perfect fare for Mystery Science Theater , but god-awful should you try to watch it alone and uncut . the Fashion Police still have a number of outstanding warrant for the cast , and I dare anyone not to laugh in outright derision at the rake fight . this score 2 out of 10 at most , on a good day .
can anybody do good cgus film besides Pixar ? I mean really , animation look antiquated by 2006 standard and even by 1995 Toy Story standard . or maybe they spend all they budget on Hugh Jackman . whatever they reasoning , the story truly do suck . <br /> <br /> somehow , Hugh Jackman be a rat - a rat that be flush down a toilet . yeah I know , seem stereotypical . but then the sewer mimic the way of London - to a extent . throw in a promise of jewel -lrb- ???? -rrb- and a evil -lrb- ?? -rrb- frog and you get a pathetic attempt at entertainment . <br /> <br /> I would like to say something entertain I . maybe the hookup in the movie ? or maybe the happily-ever-after rat relationship . but nothing do . it have the talent , but it blow up . d -
there be be a spate of recent surfing movie that I seem to haphazardly run across without advance warning . I catch this treasure on digital cable this week and what a pleasant surprise it be ! the focus be on the pioneer of big wave surfing from the 60 's Greg Noll to we current Laird Hamilton , from Waimea Bay to Mavericks to Jaws . hell , I could watch a movie just about Laird Hamilton - one of this generation 's great athlete - so the rest be just gravy . there be load of good surfing mix in with interview of past and present surfing star , in pleasant , relax and unpretentious fashion . of all the surfing movie I have see this tell the big-wave story the best , and I think it be my favorite . enjoy !
I see this movie as a kid on Creature Feature when I live in New York . it be a pretty creepy movie , though not as good as Horror Hotel . I just buy this movie on dvd , and it be different from what I remember because in the dvd that I buy there be several scene where the actor speak in french and/or italian and no subtitle be provide . then the other actor respond in English to what be be say . Kind of weird . also on the dvd box , the name of some of the actor be spell differently than on imdb . <br /> <br /> aside from that , this movie be different in that the character of Elsie take she clothes off and provide a nude shot in one scene and in another scene Julia try to force Elizabeth -lrb- Barbara Steele -rrb- to make out with she by push she down on the bed and kiss she while Steele resist . that scene exist in the tv version , but it be very edit . I wonder if there be any extra footage that could be incorporate into a remaster ultra-edition ? it seem sad that some of these old low budget classic have be splice to bit and sell in all kind of edit version . where be the master tape and all the unused footage ? <br /> <br /> aside from the first boring twenty minute before Allen be deliver to the Castle , the rest of the movie be pretty good . there be not too many special effect -lrb- but Herbert 's face after Julia club he be a good one -rrb- . the creepy atmosphere and the strange , exotic , and seductive look of Barbara Steele make the movie a lot better than it should be . I can honestly say that if Barbara Steele have not be in this film , it would be a big zero . she make the movie a ten !
memoirs of a Geisha be a beautifully film movie , there be no doubt about that . and the acting be generally excellent , at least in term of how it portray the character as they be script . <br /> <br /> however , so many detail small and large be just _ wrong _ that it just bother I too much to be able to enjoy it fully . a small detail that typify the kind of lack of sensitivity of sort be one scene -lrb- no this do not spoil anything -rrb- where Mameha ring a bell that hang at the door of the house where Sayuri live , on a snowy winter day . the bell she be ringing be a fuurin , or wind chime - that be only left hang outside of house in Japan in the summer ! people in traditional japanese home do not have doorbell - they just open the door and announce themselves . -lrb- you may think this be such a trivial detail , but I would equate this to a movie make about America where a Christmas wreath be hang on the door in July and no one think anything of it . -rrb- and do not even get I start on the totally wrong hairstyle give to the maiko and geisha , which be vaguely pan-asian/chinese/kung-fu-ish , and nothing like real thing . I think this rather cavalier attitude towards the culture they be try to portray really come out in the attitude and the portrayal of people and situation too . <br /> <br /> so , I suppose that the less you know about japanese culture and the world of the geisha and maiko in Kyoto -lrb- which be what `` Miyako '' be -rrb- , then I suppose the more you will enjoy this . I honestly think this movie could have be so much better ... as it be , it be just another Hollywood version of `` exotic Japan '' .
`` a young woman unwittingly become part of a kidnapping plot involve the son of a movie producer she be babysit . the kidnapper happen to be former business partner of the son 's father and be look to exact some revenge on he . we babysitter must bide she time and wait to see what will become of the son and herself , while the kidnapper begin to argue amongst themselves , place the kidnap victim in great peril , '' accord to the dvd sleeve 's synopsis . <br /> <br /> that acclaimed director René Clément could be responsible for this haphazard crime thriller be the real shocker . despite begin with the appearance of have be edit in a wash machine , the film develop a linear storyline . once you have figure out what be go on , the engaging Maria Schneider -lrb- as Michelle -rrb- and endearing John Whittington -lrb- as Boots -rrb- can get you through the film . there be a couple of female nude scene , which fit into the storyline well . <br /> <br /> **** want : babysitter -lrb- 10/15/75 -rrb- René Clément ~ Maria Schneider , John Whittington , Vic Morrow
Kubrick prove he brilliantness again , now in a suspense-horror film base on Stephen King 's book title the same way . Jack Torrance be a man in he forty , marry , with one child , and with a past of trouble and alcoholism . the Overlook Hotel in Colorado suspend service during the winter because of its extreme weather , and there be a well-paid job for the person who take care of the facility during those five month ; and Torrance , who be look to become a writer , find it perfect . but , the manager advise Torrance about the loneliness in this place during the winter , potentially dangerous , and tell he that some caretaker in the past go crazy and murder he family . even before they get there , he son Danny , who have some sort of imaginary friend who illuminate he the future -lrb- shinning -rrb- , know the place be not good and do not want to go . once they install themselves in the hotel , thing start right but within a month , Jack begin act strange , irritated , and depress . at this point , we know something be go to happen , but do not know when and how . scary thing happen such as the appearance of two twin girl talk to Danny , and someone who attack he violently . they be not alone in this place . later on , Jack start to see other people and immediately feel good with they , like if they be he family ; among they the famous psychotic caretaker , Delbert Grady . Grady tell Torrance that he must kill he family because they be `` intruder '' in the hotel . obey this order , Jack go for the objective and many of the most scary thing I have ever see happen here . the end be spectacular and the viewer will stay interested and shocked until the last minute .
definitely not worth the rental , but if you catch it on cable , you 'll be pleasantly surprise by the cameo -- Iman 's appearance be especially self-deprecating . it be also a opportunity to watch all the male support cast member from the Sopranos typecast themselves .
just re-saw this movie after thirty seven year . I be eleven year old and catch this flick on South Beach at the long go Cinema Theater on Washington Avenue . in 1969 , I think where it be at ! be a very good movie . now , however , after almost forty year , it be not as good as it be . Times have change , and this movie be now a tired old re-hash of the war between the generation . it do however , catch a place in time which be just a memory . it be really interesting to see the mod fashion , the old Vegas , a slim Don Rickles , chain smoking , and a hip opening song . the acting be decent , the script somewhat out-dated , but the memory be still fresh . where it be at , may not be where it be at for you , but for I , it be still a nice and entertaining trip down memory lane .
after read some quite negative view for this movie , I be not sure whether I should fork out some money to rent it . however , it be a pleasant surprise . I have not see the original movie , but if its better than this , I would be in heaven . <br /> <br /> Tom Cruise give a strong performance as the seemingly unstable David , convince I that he be more than a smile on leg -lrb- for only the third time in he career - the other example be Magnolia and bear on the fourth of July -rrb- . Penelope Cruz be slightly lightweight but fill the demand for she role , as do Diaz . the only disappointment be the slightly bland Kurt Russell . in the movie , however , it be not the act that really impress - its the filmmaking . <br /> <br /> Cameron Crowe excel in the director 's role , provide himself with a welcome change of pace from he usual schtick . the increase insanity of the movie be perfectly execute by Crowe -lrb- the brief sequence where cruise walk through a empty Time Square be incredibly effective -rrb- . the soundtrack -lrb- a distinguish feature of a Crowe movie -rrb- be also sublime . <br /> <br /> you will be shock and challenge as a viewer . the plot do seem a little contrived but the issue explore behind it be endlessly discussable . the movie be not perfect , but its a welcome change of pace for cruise and Crowe and for those raise on a diet of Hollywood gloss , should be a revelation .
this story be about the romantic triangle between a nth . african male prostitute , a french transsexual prostitute -lrb- Stephanie -rrb- and a russian waiter who speak no french and never seem to shave . <br /> <br /> as a film it be dull , dreary and depressing , shoot either on foggy , overcast winter day or in badly light interior , where everyone be bath in a weird blue luminescence . and yes , I know , it be because the white balance be out . everyone be pale and downcast and look haggard , shabby and dirty . body be bony and shot in such closeup that they look quite ugly and unappealing . mole , greasy hair . yuk . bad news in a film where people spend a lot of time either naked or have sex . <br /> <br /> and the story ? well , Stephanie 's mother be die . all three character go back to Stephanie 's home village where , through a bunch of flashback to desolate countryside and predictably dingy interior , we see a bit of Stephanie 's childhood as a boy call Pierre . the mother die . well ... and that be about it , really . character development be keep to a minimum , as be the denouement of the story . <br /> <br /> I suppose the storyline be not linear -lrb- it would explain a lot of non sequiteur -rrb- but really , after pay my seven euro I do not feel like have to construct the film myself : that be what the director take my money for . to expect I to join the story tell process and get my hand dirty , so to speak , be ask way too much . <br /> <br /> this film be a heap of pretentious rubbish make , above all , from a desire to epater les bourgeois -lrb- ie shock the straight -rrb- . I can see how it be a shoo-in for the Berlin Film Festival , and I can see why it get nowhere .
return to the 36th Chamber be one of those classic kung-fu movie which Shaw produce back in the 70s and 80s , whose genre be equivalent to the spaghetti western of Hollywood , and the protagonist Gordon Liu , the counterpart to the western 's Clint Eastwood . digitally remaster and a new print make for the fantastic Film Fest , this be `` present in Shaw Scope '' , just like the good old day . <br /> <br /> this film be a simple story of good versus evil , tell in 3 act , which more or less sum up the narrative of martial art film in that era . <br /> <br /> Act one set up the premise . worker in a dye-mill of a small village be unhappy with they lot , have they wages cut by 20 % by incoming manchu gangster . they can not do much about they exploitation because none of they be martial art skilled to take on the gangster , and they boss . at first they have a minor success in get Liu to impersonate a highly skilled shaolin monk -lrb- one of the best comedy sequence -rrb- , but they rouse get expose when they push the limit of credibility by impersonate one too many time . <br /> <br /> Act two show the protagonist want to get back at the mob . however , without real martial art , he embark on a journey to Shaolin Temple , to try and infiltrate and learn martial art on the sly . after some slapstick moment , he finally get accept by the abbot -lrb- whom he impersonate ! -rrb- but be disappoint at the teaching method - kinda like Mr Miyagi 's style in Karate Kid , but instead of painting fence , he get to erect scaffolding all around the temple . nothing can keep a good man down , and he unwittingly build strength , endurance and learn kung-fu the unorthodox way . <br /> <br /> Act three be where the fight fest begin . with cheesy sound effect , each obvious non-contact on film be give the maximum impact treatment . but it be rather refreshing watch the fight scene here , with its wide angled shot to highlight clarity and detail between the spar partner , and the use of slow-motion only to showcase stunt in different angle . you may find the speed of fight a tad too slow , with some pause in between move , but with Yuen will ping and he style be use ad-nausem in Hollywood flick , they sure do not make fight scene like they use to ! return to the 36th chamber get a repeat screening on Monday , so , if you be game for a nostalgic trip down memory lane , what be you wait for ?
Billy Crystal normally bring the crowd to laughter , but in this movie he and all the rest of they can not bring any smile on my face ... or perhaps just one . they call it comedy , I say it be a waste of my time .
lovely piece of good cinema . this be one of those film that you see smile and you do not know why . well , one of the reason could be that we be before one of the most surprising director today , and he be able to film emotion . <br /> <br /> when you be watch the film you can feel what Mr. Straight be feel when he take the decision to go to visit he brother with he `` marvellous '' John Deere . what change in he mind ? , what change in your mind when you watch this film ? <br /> <br /> a beautiful fraternal love story .
I be a huge Willem Dafoe fan , and really seek out this film -lrb- I have to get a region 5 chinese dvd of it ! -rrb- . but , it be truly one of the worst that I have see in quite a while . <br /> <br /> the acting -lrb- except for Dafoe -rrb- be horrible . Dafoe and Colagrande both write and direct this -lrb- though he be not credit as a director -rrb- , and they have no discernible talent for write or direct . -lrb- Stick to act Willem ; Giada get out of the business , please ! -rrb- <br /> <br /> absolutely nothing happen . except a series of completely unconvincing , totally without believable motivation , act by these two people -lrb- that just meet -rrb- in this house . Colagrande 's sleepy , I could not care less expression practically never change . and the sex scene be downright lame . I actually cringe twice at one of they . Yuck ! they be definitely not the least bit erotic , and yet be the only time the film be not put you to sleep . then , it be busy repulse you . <br /> <br /> just awful .
I gather from read the previous comment that this film go straight to cable . well , I pay to see it in a theatre , and I be glad I do because visually it be a striking film . most of the setting seem like they be make in the early 60 -lrb- except for the shrink 's office , which be date in a different way -rrb- , and if you leave the Neve Campbell sequence out , the whole film have a washed - out early 60 ambience . and the use of restaurant in the film be fascinating . for a first-time director whose background , I believe , be in write , he have a great eye . within the first ten minute I feel the plot lack plausibility , so I just willingly suspend my disbelief and go along for the ride . in term of act and the depiction of father-son , mother-son , husband-wife , parent-child relationship , the film be spot-on . William H. Macy , a pleasure to watch , seem to be fill the void leave by the late Tony Perkins , if this and Magnolia be any indication . Tracey Ullman as the neglect wife be quite move , to I . it be a three-dimensional depiction of a character too often view by society as two-dimensional . of course , Donald Sutherland can add this to he collection of unforgettable portrayal . the depiction of the parent -lrb- bain/sutherland -rrb- remind I , in a indirect way , of Vincent Gallo 's BUFFALO ' 66 , although toned-down quite a bit ! I would definitely pay money to see a second film from this director . he have the self-discipline of a 50s b-crimefilm director -lrb- something P.T.Anderson will never have ! -rrb- , yet he have a visual style and a way with actor that command attention .
if you be a fan of the late Gram Parsons then this movie be definitely go to divide you ! Part comedy , part road movie , but mostly a bad fictionalization of one of rock history 's oddest tale . <br /> <br /> spoiler -- <br /> <br /> basically the story concern a well-known roadie name Phil Kaufman -lrb- play by Johnny Knoxville -rrb- who `` supposedly '' make a pact with cult rock/country/folk music hero Gram Parsons that state when one of they die first -lrb- it do not matter which one it be -rrb- that the other live one be to take the decease out to the desert , Joshua Tree National Park in California to be exact , and set the body ablaze ... so as to free the spirit and become one with the earth , and so on ! sure to keep he word the barely sober Kaufman , with the assistance of a self-hating , pot-headed buddy , jack the body of the late Parsons - whom have fatally overdose from a drug and booze bender a day prior - from the airport . and shortly after that what ensue be a cringe-worthy combination of fiction and truth where the late Parsons girlfriend , Kaufman 's girlfriend , Parsons stone-faced father , and a gaggle of police officer and other pointless idiotic character all try to beat the clock -lrb- so to speak -rrb- in try to catch Kaufman and he pal before they get the chance to torch Parsons body ! <br /> <br /> the film 's incompetent direction , bad acting , and lame offbeat tone in general all sink this movie faster than the Titanic . and not to mention the huge fact that this movie be not even halfway tell the truth of the actual event that take place . the accuracy that should have replace the inaccuracy , as far as I have hear they , include : number 1. , Parsons be marry at the time of he death and even have a child , so what the hell be that all about with the girlfriend 's and the chasing and whatnot ? , number 2. , Kaufman 's drugged-out buddy be a known willing participant -lrb- unlike what the movie attempt to portray -rrb- in the dispose of Parson 's body , and finally number 3. , Gram Parsons real-life father die when he be just a boy , and so it be Parson 's step-father -lrb- who could have honestly care less about Gram Parsons when he be still alive -rrb- in real-life that take care of the body after it be torch ! altogether though , what probably disturb I the most about this movie be that the real Phil Kaufman be actually on set to help assist with the fact of the story . and yet still , the movie end up become so untrue and so bad that it really boggle my mind , frankly ! <br /> <br /> also as the mediocre aforementioned acting in the film be concern it be lead character , play by the ultra-grating Johnny Knoxville -lrb- Phil Kaufman -rrb- , be not only a bad actor but it actually seem as if he be asleep throughout most of the movie , and the rest of the pathetic cast be for the most part either hysterical , brain-dead , or seem utterly clueless as to what they be actually do there in the first place ! overall , if you like Johnny Knoxville and or really dig the so-bad-they be - not-even-good buddy flick then I suppose you just might get a kick out of this movie ! but , if you be like I and be a fan of the late Gram Parsons , enjoy film that attempt to tell the truth as much as they can especially if they be base on a actual real-life story , and or you just like good film , be-them road movie , or fictional slice-of-life stuff , you will truly loathe this film and advise other to do likewise . I obviously hate this movie and wish it have never be make in the first place , but since it be make I would have prefer it to have turn out differently than what it do , unfortunately ! maybe some day the real fact of the story will come through and be make into a really great biopic on all of Gram Parsons life ... not just what happen to he body after he spirit leave it . but , until that time come all we as a audience , and or fan of the late performer get be this sad waste of film and a all-around terrible memorial -lrb- of sort -rrb- to the musical legacy that Gram Parsons be know to have leave behind . it should also be note that they do actually use Parsons music , and a few other as well in the flick , but not surprisingly though , you never get to hear enough of it to really enjoy it even in the slightest bit . -lrb- Turkey-Zero Stars -rrb-
this film be one of the best of all time , certainly in the horror genre . the claustrophobic atmosphere be outstanding , the music be just as good as the film and the killer be as creepy as can be ! actor be fantastic , rip Donald Pleasance you be fantastic as Dr Loomis , he make the film even better . without he the film would be miss a vital ingredient . Jamie Lee Curtis be also superb as we beloved scream queen ! she innocence make she unaware of the real evil that be after she until she find she friend grossly murder in the house , which of course be one of the film best scene . she give a tremendous performance . I love this film since it scare I like hell back when I see it in the very early 80 's and I still watch it to this day as it be a marvellous movie that just bring you in to this world be you could be gut like a fish at every turn ! the fact that it be a simple format of a mad man in a mask whom have escape from a mental asylum and ready to kill everyone in sight without they have any idea that he be there , be just shockingly terrifying and indulge you even more into the movie as the event though fiction could easily be come true . we all know that unfortunately evil do exist in this world and a mad man with a knife be certainly not uncommon , a very disturbing a deep fear for all of this . death at any turn . Halloween of course show this in it be most terrifying way . horror should be believable , and that be what make the film enjoyable . it be just a simple story that be make into a excellent and terrifying atmosphere . as well as Psycho 's superb storyline , both of which I adore , I believe there format be the best horror have to offer . to I Halloween and Psycho be the best film I have ever see and I will watch they all my life and never grow tired of they . Halloween be undoubtedly one of the best movie of all time .
* possible spoiler * although do before -lrb- and better -rrb- in ` Midnight Express ' and ` return to Paradise ' , Brokedown Palace still strike a chord with I . <br /> <br /> here we have the tale of two young girl who travel through Thailand , and get arrest on charge of trafficking drug . be it Clare Danes ' Alice ? be it Kate Beckinsale 's Darlene ? be it the handsome stranger whom they meet on they journey ? none of that really matter , for this be a tale of friendship and trust and the limit they can be stretch to . throw in Bill Pullman as a unenthusiastic lawyer and Jacqueline Kim as he Thai bride -lrb- and better lawyer than he be -rrb- and we have a nice little story that hold the audience 's attention . <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace be nothing extraordinary , or notorious for any reason - it be not a original concept , it do not show sensationalised violence that lead to the wannabe-avant-garde crowd talk about it be `` gritty realism '' or `` hard hit truth '' - it be merely a good story with some fine performance . Bill Pullman be weakest with he lazy drawl and gravelly way of talk - I be quite bore with the character . <br /> <br /> Kate Beckinsale , while decent , be nothing spectacular . she act well , but it be not exactly a memorable performance . <br /> <br /> Jacqueline Kim however , be in fine form , craft a likable and define character where , really , there be not much to work with . <br /> <br /> but make no mistake - this be Clare Danes ' movie . I have long be a fan of she work , and this be no change . she captivate in every scene she appear , and be it not for she , the film would probably stoop into boring fare . I particularly applaud she performance in the scene between she and Darlene 's father . <br /> <br /> the film also have a brilliant soundtrack . <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
have look at some of the other comment here , I have a main complaint with this presentation . <br /> <br /> the two primary character be attractive in they own way - the beautiful `` victim , '' and the handsome , obviously extremely `` off-center , '' blue-collar protagonist -lrb- if just short of `` totally-deranged '' -rrb- - take turn beat the hell out of each other , sort of like a caucasian kabukus scenario . <br /> <br /> this be all right , and this be , of course , mainly a `` turning-the-tables '' story . however , my reference complaint be that I believe the director get caught-up in he desire to display Farrah 's well-known and obvious physical attribute . begin with she be enticingly clad in a thin robe , and with a number of scene display more than need for any dramatic effect - while immensely please to the eye , these distract from the poignancy level of the drama . <br /> <br /> she roommate I be certain give performance as write and direct - however , they respective skepticism and histrionic babbling and sobbing , do not ring true -- base upon Farrah 's previous experience with this guy , the obvious evidence of he have come to they premise with only the worst of intention , and that she would have absolutely no grounds to be exaggerate what have occur . <br /> <br /> but this be a film and story , compelling as much in spite of , as because of , the director 's work .
I never see the original 1954 version with Judy Garland , so have no means of comparison . also , it be be some year , but I find this tale neither grip nor its romance captivating . the movie tell the story of two lover whose musical career be head in opposite direction . John Norman Howard be a wear out , disillusioned rock star on the decline , embark upon a romance with a fresh , talented new singing sensation , Esther Hoffman . she dramatic success only serve to emphasize he decline . <br /> <br /> the lead actor , Kris Kristofferson and Barbra Streisand , be adequate in they role , but neither they chemistry nor the plot leave much of a mark with I . the film be noteworthy to I for only one aspect , Streisand 's beautiful rendition of the Oscar win song ` Evergreen ' . she truly have a powerful and magnificent voice .
I rent this film to see what might be a bloody , non stop action movie and get this overly sentimental and super cheap low budget action-drama that make Kickboxer look like die hard . Lou and Reb be in Vietnam and as Lou save reb from the gook , he get shoot in the head in what be easily one of the worst effect ever . the Vietnam scene be shoot in someone backyard , I swear ! Lou be now brain damage and reb and he live together and own a bar . Super homoerotic . Lou be convince to fight in a cage for money and reb go on a killing spree to get he back . there be no good fight scene at all , the punch be two inch away from a person . character personality change in matter of seconds . one guy be a bad and in the next scene he be good . the acting be horrid and the music be some overly sentimental Frank Stallone sound song that would make you sick . I hate this film .
I first see this movie when it come out in 1994 and just watch it recently and it be still funny . I do not know if you have to understand hiphop in the 90 's , but it help if you do . in the 90 's when NWA and Public enemy be at the top , there be internal strife within the group and member when they separated way -lrb- ice cube , Easy E , etc -rrb- . also there be the wan na b 's , accessible rapper that start make the scene -lrb- Vanilla Ice , Freedom Williams from C&C Music factory , etc -rrb- . this movie make fun of all of that in a way that seem like it be a actually documentary . Kasi Lemmons play a interviewer that spend a year in the life of a fictitious rap group name N.W.H. . the member of the group be Ice Code -lrb- Rusty Condieff/director -rrb- , tasty taste -lrb- Larry B Scott/Revenge of the nerd , and Tone Def -lrb- Mark Christopher Lawrence -rrb- . they be a up and come rap group whose politics make they controversial . whats good about this film be that it be so thourough in its portrayal of the hiphop industry of the 80s and they way it poke fun at it . but , if you know 80 's / 90 's rap , you know how much of this stuff be true . still , on it be own , without hip hop knowledge , it be still a funny funny movie . and for all of those who ask , yes spinal tap come first , but spinal tap be not the first spoof movie either . this , in my opinion be equally as funny and in some way , better than spinal tap . as spinal tap be to heavy metal , fear of a black planet be to rap . and the song be off the hook also . the dvd be chalk full of extra to include music video of nwh as a group and as solo artist . brilliant performance by Rusty Condieff and Larry B Scott .
like many Americans , I be first introduce to the work of Hayao Miyazaki when I see `` spirited away . '' I fall in love with the film and have see it many time . now I be on a search to see every film by Miyazaki . one of he earlier work be `` Castle in the sky . '' although it be still enjoyable , it be not as good as `` spirited away '' -lrb- though compare this or any film to he 2002 masterpiece be perhaps unfair -rrb- . <br /> <br /> a young boy name Pazu -lrb- James Van Der Beek -rrb- be work in a mine late one night , when he see a girl fall slowly from the sky . when she wake up the next morning , she introduce herself as sheeta -lrb- Anna Paquin -rrb- . but Sheeta have a secret , and before he know it , Pazu be pull into a adventure that will lead he into danger with pirate , the army and a lose float city . <br /> <br /> go into a film by Hayao Miyazaki mean you can expect one thing : a sense of wonder and magic . many filmmaker have try , but no one can create a sense of magic and awe like Miyazaki . watch a film by Miyazaki be like experience a fantastic dream from you childhood . <br /> <br /> because the film be animated , dub the film do not pose much of a problem because it be next to impossible to determine whether or not the lip movement match up to the word . it also help that the translate dialogue be well-written and voice by talented actor . the voice acting be vary . James Van Der Beek fare best . he bring a irresistible enthusiasm and excitement to the role of pazu that be perfect for the character . Anna Paquin be nearly as good as sheeta . she be frighten by the event go on around she , but she know what she have to do . Mark Hamill be unrecognizable as the evil Muska . he be dangerous and want something from Sheeta , and will do anything to get it . the other voice be bad . Cloris Leachman be awful as Dola . Leachman may have win a Oscar for `` the last Picture Show , '' but she be annoying as the pirate leader . Leachman give the character a obnoxious squawk that be nearly always monotonous . it be so bad it nearly ruin the film ! Jim Cummings be a effective voice-over actor , but he be miscast as the general . <br /> <br /> I would definitely recommend see `` Castle in the sky . '' I 'll probably end up buy it myself . but even though it be not as good as `` spirited away , '' it be still pretty good .
the shine , you know what be weird about this movie ? this be the movie that everyone , for people who claim to not like horror film , will always say that the shine be a terrific film . this be Stanley Kubrick 's classic vision of Stephen King 's horror tale of madness and blood . this be just a incredible film and wither you have see it or not , you have hear of it , know a few line from it , and know some of the classic image . who could forget Jack 's `` here 's Johnny ! '' ? who could forget `` all work and no Play Make Jack a Dull boy '' ? who could forget that chill end ? this be the film that be unforgettable and honestly in my opinion be Kubrick 's best work . I know there be a lot of argument in that department , a lot of people say it be 2001 : a space odyssey or Clockwork Orange or even Dr. Strangelove , but if those film pioneer film making , then the shine perfect it . this be the tale of isolation , madness , terrifying image , and the ultimate ghost story that will crawl underneath you skin . <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance , Jack 's son Danny , and Jack 's wife , wendy arrive at the Overlook Hotel on close day . the elderly african-american chef , Dick Hallorann , surprise Danny by speak to he telepathically and offer he some ice cream . he explain to Danny that he and he grandmother share the gift ; they call the communication `` shine . '' Danny ask if there be anything to be afraid of in the hotel , particularly room 237 . Dick tell Danny that the hotel have a certain `` shine '' to it and many memory , not all of they good , and advise he to stay out of room 237 under all circumstance . Danny 's curiosity about room 237 finally get the better of he when he see the room have be open . Danny show up injured and visibly traumatize after Jack tell wendy that he love he family . see this , Wendy think Jack have be abuse Danny . Jack wander into the hotel 's gold room where he meet a ghostly bartender name Lloyd . Danny start call out the word `` redrum '' frantically , and scribble it on wall . he go into a trance , and withdraw ; he now say that he be Tony , he own `` imaginary friend . '' Jack sabotage the hotel radio , cut off communication from the outside world , but Hallorann have receive Danny 's telepathic cry for help and be on he way . wendy discover that Jack have be typing endless page of manuscript repeat `` all work and no play make Jack a dull boy '' format in various way . horrify , Jack threaten she and she knock he unconscious with a baseball bat , lock he in a storage locker in the kitchen . Jack converse with Grady through the door of the locker , which then unlock release he . Danny have write `` REDRUM '' in lipstick on the door of Wendy 's bedroom . when she look in the mirror , she see that it be `` murder '' spell backwards . Jack pick up a axe and begin to chop through the door lead to he family 's living quarter . `` here 's Johnny ! '' , and Jack 's legendary image be bear . <br /> <br /> the shine be one of those film that you seriously have to make time to see , this be a incredible film and still give I nightmare . Jack Nicholson 's performance be timeless and unforgettable . but one I also feel be extremely overlook be Shelley Duvall , she scene of find Jack 's rant all work ... be incredible , that be a look of horror and you can see that fear in she face after realize she husband be mad . also another incredible scene be when Jack see a ghost woman in the bathtub , it be honestly one of the most terrifying scene in horror cinema . the reason this film be so well know be because it be a film of perfection , it be be on the Simpsons , it be be show in other film and it be a film that will forever stay with you when you see it , trust I . <br /> <br /> 10/10
Whoa . in the Twin Cities , we have a station that show a `` big bad movie '' Monday through Friday . Tonight 's nugget be a film with Carrie Fisher call `` she be back '' about a really annoying woman who end up get murder when thug break into she house . bea -lrb- beatrice -rrb- come back to haunt she husband . she want he to seek revenge on she killer , hence `` she be back '' . and she will not let he rest until he do so . she irritate he endlessly ... and the viewer , too ! this movie be truly one of the worst movie I have ever see . hey , I like bad movie , though -lrb- my fave movie be Xanadu -rrb- . I be really shake my head throughout the whole film , wonder who think this would be a good idea for a movie . Bea be just so annoying . the plot be silly ; the acting be bad ; the story ... well , you get my drift . anyway , if you wan na see a really bad movie - really really bad movie , check this one out . you will not be disappoint . Heh .
this be a low-budget spoof of the espionage genre . to help frame you expectation , you should know that : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the acting be wildly heavy-handed . the star be have great fun deliver they line with excessive eye movement , frequent hand gesture , and off-key pacing . -lrb- 2 -rrb- the script deliberately lack continuity and plausibility . oftentimes line be abruptly jarring and humorous because they have absolutely no relevance to previous plot element . -lrb- 3 -rrb- shot be frequently frame in off-balance angle , poke fun at genre excess . -lrb- 4 -rrb- a pop-eyed Jeff Goldblum deliver complex and classically preposterous dialog in a winningly sarcastic manner . <br /> <br /> the film have a guide intelligence , deliberately start with a plot element steal from the b-film of the 1930 's : a secret code with a structure that would defy explanation by Carl Sagan . the film 's over-the-top acting be use mostly for comic effect during the first 90 minute . in a early running gag , Fay Grim 's son Ned be so frequently tell to leave that you can not help chuckle while feel sorry for the lad . Parker Posey 's nicely choreograph fall from bed also help set a humorous tone early in the film . <br /> <br /> the film 's slow pacing do not enhance the comedy element or the drama element that later emerge . the film 's impact as drama be significantly lessen by the early comedy . moreover , it be hard to be overly involve with the character and they fate when the early portion of the film be so sarcastic . the musical score be intentionally heavy handed , and I find this -lrb- and the off-kilter camera angle -rrb- more irritating than humorous . <br /> <br /> the over-the-top acting , the implausible and nearly incomprehensible plot of conspiracies/counter conspiracy , and the slow pacing will grind on many viewer . the movie be much too long at 158 minute . <br /> <br /> that say , fan who be receptive to the film 's sarcasm might want to watch again ... use closed caption to best catch the intelligent ridiculousness of the dialog . the film be too slow for I and the sarcasm feel more heavy-handed than light-hearted . but , the comedy may well appeal to you taste . the film be worth a view for those who enjoy independent film , fan of director Hal Harley , or devotee of Parker Posey -lrb- who have the most camera time -rrb- .
a perfect little atrocity ... I doubt if a single shot last for more then the reglamentary-mtv 4.4 seconds . woeful casting , worse even than in Kusminsky 's version -lrb- a reminder : he manage to miscast Juliet Binoche and Ralph Feinnnes -rrb- . but , hey-the rich get what they deserve . dark and brooding Heathcliff reduce to the state of a golden-locked angel , frail and angellic Catherine present as a chubby , melon-breasted heffer , meek and weak Linton be a peeping tom , and innocent Isabel become Sara Michelle-Gellar 's character from Cruel Intentions . 15-year old Eddie Bauer and Abercrombie and Fitch donners-take notice . this thing be make for you . it be a hour-and-a-half long music video where everything be give to you ; you be save from the uncomfortable necessity of not even try to understand the complexity of the character , but even from initial shock at they action . the actor try , but , as I state before , they be miscast . decent photography , but editing be on the level of tv production class in high school . I implore you all : read the book , or the cliffnote even ; watch the previous version of it , even Kusminsky 's ; but stay away from the numerous future rerun , during which you will not receive the benefit of the commercial-free premiere .
I grow up on Scooby Doo where be you , and I still love it . it be one of my favourite cartoon along with darkwing duck , talespin , Peter Pan and the Pirates and Tom and Jerry . this show though be good for kid , the voice be good -lrb- Don Messick and Casey Kasem be perfect as Scooby and Shaggy -rrb- , the theme tune be tolerable and it have some nice animation . however it be rather disappointing . I normally do not mind scrappy , but when he appear to be like the main character , it get annoying fast . complete with the catchphrase Puppy Power , Scrappy be somewhat more annoying than usual . also half the gang be miss after the first year , somehow it do not feel like Scooby Doo . and the joke and the story line be in general lame and unoriginal , very little chasing monster or unmask the baddy . all in all , not as bad as Shaggy and Scooby Doo : get a Clue , but this show be disappointing . 4/10 for the animation , voice , theme tune and the fact it be nice for kid . Bethany Cox
do not waste you time on this film . it could have be good , but the end be one of the lamest I have ever see . I seriously have to wonder how the people involve with the making of this film could have look at that final scene and thought , `` yeah ! now there be a end ! '' and pat themselves on the back about it . to I it seem more like they just run out of idea ! they build up the final scene to have a cool twist , but instead just let the whole build-up fall flat on it be face . when the last shot fade to black and I hear the credit music start I be in shock - I could not believe what I be see and that someone could even call that a end . the best thing anyone could do with this film be rewrite the end and give it some substance . seriously , I would really love to get whoever come up with that one in a room , look they in the face and say - wtf ??!!!!
the story-line be rather interesting , but the character be rather flat and at time too extreme in they thoughts/behavior . more extreme than necessary . also , I think something go wrong in the casting . John Turtorro do not really satisfy I play a semi-autistic chess player , not to speak of the italian player . motive be not very much outline either . <br /> <br />
Martin Sheen , Michelle Phillips , Stuart Margolin and the late Vic Morrow be the human star of this movie about a young man look for answer about he brother 's death . Mr. Sheen , Mr. Margolin and Mr. Morrow all turn in first rate performance in they respective role ; Ms. Phillips have the slightly less than enviable task of try to spice up a made-for-tv movie -lrb- twenty-five year ago -rrb- , by supply the `` sex interest '' in a otherwise sexless film . the real star , however , be the `` California Kid '' ; a 1934 Ford coupe , borrow from `` Jake '' Jacobs , put before a camera and give a workout that 'll leave the viewer panting , gasp and hold the edge of the seat with breathless anticipation . <br /> <br /> the action scene be spectacular , -lrb- although some of the dialog be a bit lame -rrb- make for a fine evening 's diversion . this be how all `` car movie '' should be make . <br /> <br /> try to catch this one on the late movie channel ; it be well worth the miss sleep .
Channel surfing and catch this on logo . it be one of those `` I have to watch this because it be so horribly bad '' moment , like Roadhouse without the joy . the writing be atrocious ; completely inane and the acting be throw-up-in-your-mouth bad . <br /> <br /> there be low budget and then there be the abyss which be where this epic should be toss and never see from again . I mean , the main character go to a ski retreat in some rent house and the house be , well , ordinary which be no big deal , but they choose to show all the houseguest pour over it like it be the Sistine chapel . I be sorry but watch 6 guy stare into every 10 ` x10 ' boring room with a futon in it and gush be lame . I guess they do not learn anything from the Bad News Bears in break training -lrb- see hotel room check scene -rrb- ... wow a toilet !!! yaayyyyy !!!! I do not buy the its all over the top so anything go routine . if it smell like ... and it look like ... well , you know the rest . <br /> <br /> avoid like the plague . <br /> <br /> edit : apparently other more close mind reviewer believe that since I dislike this movie , I be a `` obvious hater '' which I can only assume means I be phobic , which of course be not true . I decide to do this wacky , crazy thing and judge the movie base on the actual content of the film and not by its mere presence -lrb- i.e. its refreshing to see ... -rrb- <br /> <br /> Sure , it may be refreshing to see but that do not equate into a great movie , just give they some better material to work with and tighter direction . in fact , I applaud the effort . frankly , I would rather go listen to my kitchen of distinction catalogue than watch this again .
I be here again in you local shopping mall -lrb- of course , 'cause that be where the high school kid hang out !!!!! -rrb- to demonstrate how awful `` BENDY POO : PROM COURIER '' really be !!!!! to prove how bad this joke of a DCOM this be ... <br /> <br /> ... we be go to take these four sumo wrestler , and stuff they into this photo booth . how ... cozy !!!!! <br /> <br /> haus ! Huuuuuuuarrrrghhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Uh !!!!! <br /> <br /> how awful be it ????? it be so bad , Disney Channel flush away its money , yet again , with those exciting yet determine 10-second promo , keep the viewer wonder , `` when be THIS GOING to be on ????? '' and then , suddenly , when it do come on , for one , this not only get a higher tv rating than usual , but this be only see once !!!!! oh , no !!!!! one time everyone !!!!! plus , this movie be about high school and stuff , and believe I , I will not go any further with what else be in there ... <br /> <br /> say ch ... smile !!!!! -lrb- snap ! -rrb- <br /> <br /> avoid this one at all cost . 0/10
I do try not to take IMDb rating to heart , but I be flabbergast when I see the 5.4 rating to one of my childhood favourite . it do not wow I as much at 17 , but as a family film this be a sweet and well mean movie . kid will definitely love it and will not mind the flaw , and the adult can guess the actor behind each character and admire the subliminal messaging of the film . none of the film be preachy in any way , in fact it have a great message that add to its sweetness . I will admit though that the story be on the thin side , and some scene like Screweyes 's death -lrb- which still freak I out -rrb- may be a tad on the scary side . but the animation be well above average with nice colour and good character animation . the music by James Horner be very beautiful , and the song feature be memorable , catchy and amusing . I really like the character , Louie be probably the most in-depth of they all , but the dinosaur be at least engaging . Martin Short 's clown be both hilarious and emphatic , the part when he tell screweye `` I quit ! '' have I in stitch . my favourite be Screweyes though , a effective villain who be crafty and I suppose intelligent . if anything though , I wish the film keep in the part when he explain how he lose he eye and why he be scare of crow because that way he could have be more developed in term of depth . the script , while not oscar-worthy , have its funny and heart-warming part , and should keep kid and adult entertain . the voice act for I be what make the movie . John Goodman , Martin Short , Rhea Perlman , Felicity Kendall and Yeardley Smith all give solid performance , but special mention have to go to Kenneth Mars for he be absolutely superb as screweye and almost unrecognisable . all in all , this be a good movie . I do not get the rating , honestly I do not . sure this film be not perfect , and it be not as good as a dinosaur movie such as Land before Time , but it be good fun . 7.5 / 10 Bethany Cox
my roommate get the No , No , Nanette soundtrack as a dub on a tape and she proceed to listen to it non-stop . after it finally totally brainwash I into submission , I find the song to be irresistible , especially the famous , I want to be happy , but I can not be happy ... but of coarse from the soundtrack I have no idea what the film be about . so the other day i see a copy of it at the video store and I rent what be suppose to be a long lose version of the film . I be think that it be go to be amazing , because the soundtrack be so cute . unfortunately most of the song that I love be nowhere to be find in the video I see . now I have never see the 1930 version of the musical but this version be sadly disappointing because there be very little singing and practically no dancing and beside that the sound be really bad through out and you could not really understand what people be say a lot of the time . really the only highlight of this film be the outrageous 1940 's fashion . Nanette wear this crazy hat with two feather that stick out like rabbit ear and Kansas Kitty have this bizarre feather muff that she keep on she fore arm and then have herself wrap in this net scarf . the one dance sequence be a little weird too with Nanette do this weird ballet stuff with pin-up girl imagery superimpose on top of she . actually one more bright spot of the film be the artist guillespe who dream of be a fine artist but it currently condemn to draw pin-up girl for money . I like how Guillespe keep it old school , and diss Nanette when he masterpiece , the piece that be to make he career , be sell by Nanette for a paltry $ 5250 . do not she realize that that piece be he immortality ? silly rabbit/girl with you feather rabbit ear on you hat . when will you learn ? why do not he just pencil in a cigarette before the ad man take the work away ?
the movie be boring , the character and scenario be unrealistic , unbelievable , the action be hilarious . this movie be a big mess . it almost seem like when the action music kick in , the most impressive stunt be run . either voice be dub over with Mr. McGregor or steven sing too much and it change he voice . there be way too much dialog in this movie , and extremely bad act on everyone behalf . the movie be great sleep therapy . the fighting be laughable . the eye shape shift effect on the evil designer drug addict female be decent . the main villain be a joke and he character be poorly develop . the main villain be use to explain the story through interrogation , he would just throw random plot in such as -lrb- spoiler -rrb- `` ctx -lrb- he designer drug -rrb- be go to be in the water supply '' which be never address in the conclusion or even mention again in the movie . this movie be highly recommend to pass .
I always enjoy this movie when it show up on tv . <br /> <br /> the one scene that always stand out , for I that be , be the one with the Myrna Loy and the painter foreman , where she give he very explicit instruction on the colour and as soon as she go away he turn the he guy and say `` do you get that , that be yellow , blue , green and white ''
whereas the hard-boiled detective story of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler have fit to cinema like a fox in a chicken coop - indeed create the definitively modern american genre and style in the process - those of what might be call Golden Age fiction have make barely any impression whatsoever . the problem with book like those of Agatha Christie , Dorothy L. Sayers or S.S. Van Dine -lrb- on whose work this film be base -rrb- , be that they be low on action or variety - whereas Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe traverse the mean street of LA , work class tenement , bar , office , wealthy mansion , and meet all sort of exciting danger and violence , Golden Age fiction be generally fix in location , the scene of the murder , usually a lavish country house , and the action be limit to investigate clue and interview suspect . this be a very static procedure , plot reduce to puzzle . <br /> <br /> this , of course , be as much ideological as anything else , the Golden Age story deal with a society hostile to change and movement ; the hard-boiled novel record a urban reality increasingly move away from a centre -lrb- both of authority , and of a city -rrb- , divide itself up into hostile , ever uncontrollable and lawless camp . another major problem with Golden age fiction be character - because we can not know the answer to the crime until the end , we can not gain access to character ' motivation or emotion , be define solely by they potential need to murder . the detective , unlike the anxious , prejudice-ridden private eye , be simply there to be brilliant , and maybe a little eccentric . <br /> <br /> the problem with most film from Golden Age book be that they try to be period recreation of the Merchant Ivory/Jane Austen school , and end up look silly . there have be success , for example the radical reworking of Ellery Queen and other by Claude Chabrol . in the english-speaking world , there have really only be two . the Alistair Sim classic , ` green for danger ' , work because it push the form almost into parody , while never betray the integrity or interest of the mystery . <br /> <br /> before that come Michael Curtiz 's brilliant ` the Kennel murder Case ' . the narrative be pure Golden Age . a repulsive character be introduce who give a number of potential suspect reason to kill he . he be duly murder in a seemingly foolproof manner , indicate suicide , slump in a lock room . the caricatured policeman fall hopelessly for the bait . it be up to Philo Vance , gentleman and amateur detective , neither old nor fat , to read the clue more insightfully , open the case out of the confines of the room , and eventually solve the case , the corpse be little more than the pretext for intellectual stimulation . <br /> <br /> what be interesting be not this detective plot - which can only ever be unsatisfying as all solution be - although it be rarely less than entertaining , and full of comical bit of business . there be not even really a attempt to ` subvert ' the image of the perfect detective - there be one alarming scene where a brutal sergeant threaten to rough up a suspect , with no protest from Vance , but that be about it . <br /> <br /> what mark ` Kennel ' as a classic be its modernity . curtiz be not generally consider a great auteur , because he have no consistent theme or evidence of artistic development . but he be Hollywood 's greatest craftsman , and he be on sensational form here . if the Golden Age detective story be mere puzzle , curtiz take this idea to be logical extreme , create a abstract variation on he source , reduce narrative , character and location to geometry , a series of line , from the beautiful art-deco set to the glorious camera movement which suddenly break from a static composition , and , as they glide furiously at a angle , jolt the dead decor to life . <br /> <br /> this treatment be appropriate to a story that resolutely refuse realism , it be a pattern that turn the detective plot into a hall of mirror , like the two central brother , or the original crime itself , borrow from a ` Unsolved Mysteries ' book . this fantasy world of nasty rich man who collect oriental relic -lrb- shades of ` the moonstone ' ? -rrb- , inscrutable chinese servant , ex-con turn butler , dog-loving fop , runyonesque cop , be the perfect habitat for Vance , a man who will drop a cruise to Europe on a fanciful hunch , who know the social world of these people , and yet be taint by he interest in crime and association with the police , or would be if he be not anything more than a think machine , William Powell , the greatest american comedian of the decade , bravely subsume he idiosyncratic humanity . <br /> <br /> but if the treatment be rarefy , the climax be spectacularly brutal , involve vicious dog and attempt murder . the police and the detective , suppose to be prevent crime , be guilty of incite one .
I have read a number of review on this film and I have to say `` what be wrong with you people ?!?! '' this be a excellent film ! I think this film be superb from start to finish and the story be extremely well tell . I be convinced that the people that do not like this film be not pay very good attention to the film . there be a number of very important scene that if you be not pay attention you will be confuse and the follow scene may not make sense . I urge anyone who do not like this film to watch it again and watch it alone so that you can truly pay attention . the story make perfect sense to I and as I say , be very well tell . every scene in the film have a point and everything fit together at the end of the film . <br /> <br /> all the actor do a fantastic job ! Sean Connery be very good in he role as always . Laurence Fishburne be superb as Tanny Brown , play a very interesting character . Kate Capshaw be a nice touch as well , and look fantastic . Blair Underwood be a pleasant surprise , I do not really expect anything great from he , but he pull off a great performance . Ed Harris be the real gem in the film . he play a truly sick individual and really make you see how disturbed he character be . watch he eye in he scene , just superb !!! also , there be a very young Scarlett Johansson -lrb- as Kate -rrb- in one of she first role ... not a bad place to start . excellent cast in this film ! <br /> <br /> I would strongly recommend this film to anyone that like any of the cast member or just like thriller . this be a great film and should be see . do not listen all these other people 's opinion , go see the movie and come to you own conclusion . I hope that you will see the film , and I hope that you enjoy it as much as I do . thanks for reading , <br /> <br /> - Chris
have only see two of he picture previously , I have come to term with Altman . before , though , I always label he style of film-making `` boring . '' you just have to be in the right mind to appreciate he crazy genius . <br /> <br /> `` health '' be fairly underrated , and very questionably out of print . in fact , I do not think it be ever even be issue to VHS . why be that ? when all of these crappy film get dvd release daily , this one be leave behind for no good reason ? honestly , I have no real problem with this film . it be , for the most part , consistently amusing and funny . almost all of the scene be mysteriously interesting for some reason , be it the wonderful dialogue or the subtle performance . there be real skill here . <br /> <br /> and Paul Dooley 's stint on the bottom of the pool halfway through be fascinating . <br /> <br /> if you can , try to find a copy of this forget little gem . it be not perfect , but it be much better than most of the sludge out there get dvd release . hell , I would be happy with a nice VHS copy of this thing . <br /> <br /> it be often on the Fox Movie Channel , though , so look out for it .
it take I time to really appreciate John Carpenter 's Halloween . as a kid , I remember I really enjoy the sequel , especially the return of Michael Myers , which I still think be the best Halloween sequel . but I think the first one be slow and take way too much time to get to the point . I watch it a couple of time recently and I know now I be wrong . today I truly understand this film , the mean it have , the whole feeling of this horror masterpiece . it be not about blood and gore . it be not about naked chick and lame joke . it be about the worst night in Laurie Strode 's short life . it be about the night he demented brother come back home to finish what he start 15 year ago . this movie be mean to be scary and I think it succeed very well . it be also one of the first slasher movie , a horror sub-genre that I always love . Halloween have a very dark atmosphere , creepy music and talented young actor , such as Jamie Lee Curtis in she first role . need I say more ? anyone who be never see it , horror fan or not , should do he cinematic homework right now . very highly recommend !
this be far and away the worst movie i have ever see in my entire life . it be slow , boring , not scary , not funny , not dramatic , not entertaining . <br /> <br /> Sarah Michelle Gellar be up to she old playbook of empty expression of fright and shock . she could not sell she character nor could anyone else in the picture . <br /> <br /> for those who think the Grudge be ` kind of alright ' then do not go see this unless you get enjoyment out of waste you time and you life . <br /> <br /> I see this movie for free by the way so I do not want this to come across as a rant from a guy that lose 8 buck on a terrible movie . it be free , it still suck , I hate it . <br /> <br /> avoid .
I be a huge Randolph Scott fan , but this film be a dud . the whole thing have a can , fake , soundstage feel to it , with truly awful rear-screen projection . it have a good plot idea that the screenwriter have successfully bury in a nitwit script , which make it impossible for the audience to become immerse in the action and truly care about any of the character . the directing be pedestrian , and only accentuate how bad the script be instead of help to improve it . I have see plenty of thoroughly enjoyable `` soundstage production '' before , but this be not one of they . all it do be make you appreciate the gritty scott/boetticher film all the more . <br /> <br /> Randolph Scott be tan , trim , and shine that million dollar smile throughout . he be always a pleasure ... even in the worst of he film . aside from Scott , the other main reason I want to see this movie be due to how much I enjoy Ms. Wymore in Errol Flynn 's movie , `` Rocky Mountian '' . in `` Man behind the gun '' , she be just as beautiful , and you can tell she be a good actress , but she be force to say some pretty dumb line , and the block she be give by the director be truly awful . I have only see Phil Carey in `` Operation Pacific '' , and he play the exact same character here ... a arrogant pain-in-the-butt you want to beat into unconsciousness . I guess it prove he be a good actor ... he make I hate he . there be some lame attempt at comic relief that only detract from the film , in my opinion . although there be many element to knock , I must say that I find myself truly enjoy the two spanish song sing in the musical number ... but that be not why we go to see Randolph Scott movie , right ? <br /> <br /> there be definitely worse Scott film out there , and this one certainly be not unbearable , but it also certainly could not be deem anything beyond mediocre .
the movie be okay , it have it be moment , the music scene be the best of all ! the soundtrack be a true classic . it be a perfect album , it start out with Let 's Go Crazy -lrb- appropriate for the beginning as it be a great party song and very up-tempo -rrb- , take I with U -lrb- a fun pop song ... -rrb- , the beautiful one -lrb- a cheerful ballad , probably the closest thing to r&b on this whole album -rrb- , Computer Blue -lrb- a somewhat angry anthem towards appolonium -rrb- , Darling Nikki -lrb- one of the funniest song ever , it very vaguely make fun of appolonium -rrb- , when Doves Cry -lrb- the climax to this masterpiece -rrb- , I would die 4 U , Baby I be a star , and , of course , Purple rain -lrb- a true classic , a very appropriate end for this classic album -rrb- the movie and the album be both very good . I highly recommend they !
first , nobody can understand why this movie be rate so poorly . not only be this the first real horrific movie since a very long time for I who be pretty hard-boiled with a decade long experience of horror start with drive through dark ride -lrb- ghost train -rrb- as a child . second , the main actress Cheri Christian have a face that let you hope she will be the lead actress in major picture of the future . Third , this woman be that tremendously beautiful that I suggest the director retire all those Cameron Diazes , Eva Mendezes , and how ever the name of these ephemeral bulb-light be . Mrs. Christian be not a light , but a sun . <br /> <br /> however , `` dark remains '' be also of considerable metaphysical importance . they idea that photograph show creature of the intermediary reign between reality and `` imagination '' that be not visible with one ' own eye be not new . but I have never see in a movie before that those creature be visible on the photograph only for certain people and only to certain time . this mean that the photo be not just a iconic picture of reality -lrb- by which reality turn into a sign -rrb- , but become a alternative form of reality which can change as the `` real '' reality can . be a sign , the change of the picture mean that it influence the photographed object , i.e. the sign behave like a object . now , in we usual world of perception , it be common that object change sign . F.ex. , if someone grow a bird , he photograph will show he with beard , not without , as it do before . but the opposite , the change of object by sign would imply that the photo with beard be first and only then the beard grow on the man . this be , very simply express , the case that happen with the photo take by the main character in the prison , in this movie . this be new , and we must be thankful for everything new in horror movie which usually just repeat and reorder effect and feature that be already well-known , mostly since the silent time .
in the film `` Brokedown Palace , '' direct by Jonathan Kaplan , two best friend , Alice -lrb- Claire Danes -rrb- and Darlene -lrb- Kate Beckinsale -rrb- decide to celebrate high school graduation by take a trip to Hawaii , but hear that Bangkok , Thailand , be much more fun . they switch plan and decide to go to Thailand without tell they parent the change of plan . while they be in Thailand , Alice and Darlene meet a really handsome guy name Nick Parks -lrb- Daniel Lapaine -rrb- . he tell they that he would trade in he first class ticket to Hong Kong for three economy ticket so that they could spend the weekend in Hong Kong . they accept he offer and upon enter the airport the two be arrest for smuggling drug . they be convict and sentence to thirty three year in prison . <br /> <br /> I think Kaplan be try to show the audience that it be wise to make good decision because in one instance one bad decision can change the direction of a life forever . also , a friendly face may not be as friendly as we think once we find out the real intention of that friendly face . those girl make a decision not to tell they parent that they have switch they plan and it change they life forever . thing have a funny way of happen show we what decision we have make verse the decision that we should have make . sometimes life be not fair , that be why it be important to think long and hard about the choice that we make because we can never go back and change the choice that we have make . <br /> <br /> this movie have a great setting ; it be film mostly in Bangkok Thailand . this film also have great music ; a few of my favorite song be ` silence ' by Delerium , ` damage ' by Plumb , ` deliver I ' by Sarah Bightman and ` Party 's just begin ' by Nelly Furtado . I go out and buy the soundtrack after watch this film . these girl where young and naive and fail to think they plan out thoroughly , a mistake that anyone could make , therefore this film be good for any audience . it make no difference young or old -- we all be human and subject to mistake . even though , I do not like the way this film end leave I in question of -- who really smuggle the drug ? -- I would definitely give this film two thumb up .
not sure if I be refer to those who label this a video nasty or to the director ... `` Devil Hunter '' sure be one bizarre ` horror ' movie . <br /> <br /> the plot be a loosey goosey combo of superior film like `` Cannibal Ferox '' and `` Cut and Run . '' chick get kidnap in the ` jungle ' by a ` tribe ' of ` savage . ' the jungle look more like a park somewhere in Mexico . the tribe be like a group of hippie who walk around in Party City-style Halloween costume rendition of tribal garb . and the savage range in race from white to asian to black to hispanic . I suppose Franco just grab anyone who look even slightly ethnic for this romp . <br /> <br /> to make matter worse , this film have ultra-minimal gore , no real scare and a lot of unnecessary penis . not fun . I can find something to like in just about any sleazy italian or euro-trash film ; this one just fall WAY short . <br /> <br /> 2 out of 10 , kid .
financially strap Paramount pull out all the stop for this '34 stage adaptation entry : big budget , large cast , extravagant production and Mitch Leisen tag as the director . what happen ? two thing : Busby Berkeley do not work for the out-of focus rock and a murder mystery script that do not deserve to be in the same trash can as the worst Charlie Chan first draft down the street . I have to believe that the cutting be out of Leisen 's hand since the great Duke Ellington 's number be savagely chop , but that do not mean that it be not worth a look : the ` sweet marihuana ' number feature topless chorus girl be a mind blower , consider the loom production code and it also have the ravishing Toby wing -lrb- whose unfortunately feed horrible line and play the prototype dumb blonde -rrb- as a chorion hot for a otherwise preoccupy Jack Oakie . Carl Brisson 's acting be bland as melba toast but he be a competent singer . MacLaglen reach for new plateau as a stereotypical dumb detective . and try to spot Lucy in the chorus . this rate a 7.0 as a curiosity . Feb 2010 re-think : I recently give the film another look and now feel I be wrong to berate the lack of Busby Berkeley production number . I can understand Leisen 's argument for more realistic production number within the context of the plot . I still have enormous issue with the editing however . Paramount , the raciest major studio in town , face huge issue with the Production Code at the worst possible time in it be history , financially speak , and pull out all the stop on this one -lrb- also check out 1934 's search for beauty -rrb- . a must see for pre-code buff .
marvelous James Stewart , Vera Miles vehicle . what make this historical film deal with the FBI so good be the family element that be involve during a 35 year career as depict by Stewart in the film . <br /> <br /> the film show a history of the great investigatory agency . it deal with airplane bomb plot , kill off of Indians in Oklahoma for real estate gain , fight organized crime , Nazis and Communists in that order . the human element be never far behind as Stewart wed Vera Miles . they raise 3 child as Miles ' heart go out each time Stewart go out on assignment . <br /> <br /> look for a brief but memorable performance by Murray Hamilton . year later , he appear as Mr. Robinson in 1967 's `` the graduate . '' <br /> <br /> the film have nothing but praise for J. Edgar Hoover . he certainly bring the FBI up to par . <br /> <br /> true , this could be view as right-wing propaganda , especially with Stewart 's real-life republican view , but it be well do , historically informative , and the view of the family so well depict .
Collusion Course be even worse than the typical `` evil white male corporate capitalist '' movie of the week . this movie be less pleasant than a toothache . Jay Leno can act . he be good in he underrated debut movie , the Silverbears , in which he give a performance consist with the demand of he character . this movie be so bad Leno 's character , a sanctimonious buffoon , be less annoying than Morita 's character , a sanctimonious fool .
I watch this film alone , in the dark , and it be full moon outside ! I do not do it in purpose , it just happen in this way . so all the element be there for this film to scare the hell out of I !! well , it do not , in fact i want to shut off the dvd player after only 8 minute , but i think come on give it a chance , unfortunately i do . the acting be awful , the only one with some decent acting be Samaire Armstrong . the plot be not original , if you be a horror fan then it be just the same stuff you have see many time before . some scene do not make sense at all , and you just get the feeling that the director want to make the movie longer ! the monster be the biggest disappointment of the movie . the -lrb- scary -rrb- scene look like they belong to a horror movie from the 80s when there be not enough technology , yet some good movie be make back then ! I be surprise to see the name of a major production company at the beginning of the movie , i thought could not they put some money in this and make it decent ?!! I could not agree more with the rating that the movie get , it be also my rating for it , 3 out of 10 .
thanks Jymn Magon , for create Disney 's 2 best cartoon ever . this show have improve very much over the year . as a kid , I do not like it because I think it be a rip-off of Ducktales , which be my favorite Disney thing at the time -lrb- like grandmoffromero -rrb- . then later on though it be good but not great . but after read the review here , I decide to give it another chance & buy the dvd set & watch the whole pilot the first day i get it , & be very pleasantly surprised . it be still my favorite episode , although the series do live up to it . and by the end of disc 1 , I know this be go to be a top tenner . <br /> <br /> the character be so complex & charming . my favorite have get to be wildcat . he be absolutely hilarious and sweet to boot . my next favorite be Baloo , the best pilot on the show . I can see why ` ol jymn build the show around he . then it be kit cloudkicker . he & Baloo have the best relationship in the series . after that , Louie . Jim Cummings do a perfect job of impersonate the original voice . after he , Rebecca . she have make I laugh pretty hard , and I do believe she and Baloo eventually marry . and finally -lrb- for the hero -rrb- , Molly . although she be my least favorite , I still like she . I think she be a very cute character -lrb- much better than Webby from Ducktales -rrb- . and the villain be very original . Don Karnage & he air pirate always crack I up , Kahn be ice-cold and ruthless , and the Thembrians be always at least amusing . <br /> <br /> as say before , the story range from hilarious -lrb- Time wait for no bear , romance of Red Chimp -rrb- to nothing short of touch -lrb- The Old Man & the Seaduck , Paradise Lost -rrb- , to fun , funny & exciting adventure -lrb- in search of ancient Blunders & my favorite for whom the Bell Klangs -rrb- . these be only a few of my favorite episode . anyway , Talespin be Disney 's best , aside from Gummi Bears some reason for this ? gb have a decent amount of my favorite character -lrb- cubbus -rrb- , while t do not have enough of wildcat . but in the end talespin remain a classic . BOTTOM LINE - 10/10 6th best cartoon ever .
okay ... it seem like so far , only the barman fan have comment on this film - time for a counterpoint . beware , this writeup be * LONG * . <br /> <br /> for those not in the know -lrb- mostly the non-belgians -rrb- : Tom Barman , director of this film , be the frontman of dEUS , one of the better known rock band of the late 90 's here in Belgium . basically , they make a couple of very adventurous and innovative album and quickly rise to fame on the national scale . then , ego start hurt and the band basically fall apart , with barman and a couple of other remain to go on make album under the deus-monicker . the way it always happen in such case , the post-breakdown deus be a lot tamer and less interesting than the original . they try to go for a international breakthrough with they album `` the Ideal Crash '' in 1999 , present a much diluted form of they earlier style of songwriting . they do not quite make it . however , ego be still pretty big it seem : big enough for Barman to consider himself enough of a artist to try on movie . <br /> <br /> more often than not this sort of thing be a very big mistake , and this film do not make the exception . and Barman clearly go for * art * on this one , another very big mistake . for one thing , he be a musician , not a movie director . for another , deus at it be best make fun and provoke music , but never anything close to what I would consider * art * . it show . <br /> <br /> so , what be this movie about ? basically , it tell the story of a bunch of completely uninteresting people , do equally uninteresting thing over the course of a totally uninteresting friday in Antwerp , as even more uninteresting stuff happen to they in the act of be uninteresting . the character be shallow , the plot totally pointless and the film just do not have any other redeeming quality to make up for these shortcoming . humor ? the whole film make I smile -lrb- slightly -rrb- about 3 time , and actually manage to provoke a single 5-second laugh -lrb- not quite loud -rrb- . mood ? the film just do not seem to show any kind of emotion or feeling at all . mystery ? well , -lrb- * minor spoiler * -rrb- the idea of the `` wind-man '' , inspiring the name of the film , be as enthralling as a banana pepper pizza - not very , and have be do a thousand time before -lrb- anyone remember Johny Destiny - one of Tarantino 's worst appearance on film to date -rrb- -lrb- * END minor spoiler * -rrb- . and well , its * artistic * , so do not expect any kind of real action to make up for all the previous . in other word , except for the few smile , it bore I out of my shorts . <br /> <br /> so what remain ? well , the soundtrack be pretty good , though it suffer from some of the same problem that other OST 's have show lately : first , it make the movie seem like nothing more than a commercial for the CD . second , it give the impression that Barman be try to hide the weakness and lack of emotional content in the film behind the content quality of the song , which simply do not work . in the end , it make the film look like nothing more than a illustration to the song . and sadly , it be Barmans own contribution to the soundtrack which get the most attention , though it be the weakest part of the whole soundtrack as far as I be concerned . all in all , it just stand to show that Barman know more about music than movie . camera work be okay as well , though not anything that would make you scream out with joy . <br /> <br /> the only thing about this movie that keep I watch be the sight-seeing factor . since I originate from Antwerp , it be fun to play a kind of `` guess-the-location '' game . I would hardly consider this as a quality though . <br /> <br /> all in all , another chance lose for Flemmish film . I keep on notice that lately , the best belgian movie have be come from the french part of the country . this be mostly because at least , they have something to tell and manage to tell it in way that be both sharp and emotional -lrb- the brother Daerden come to mind -rrb- . maybe the Flemmish art-house filmmaker should try that too .
... but a lousy film . as maltin say this be Christopher Lee 's attempt to make a serious horror film . well , it be serious ... too serious ! the plot be silly and slow -lrb- something about old people inhabit the body of young child to achieve immortality -rrb- ... the film be all talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the same thing over and over again . I actually doze off a few time ! the film be sooooo dull ! the cast sleepwalk through this with the sole exception of Peter cushing and Lee ... but this be probably a labor of love for both -lrb- they often complain about horror movie be too violent ... well , this have no violence ! -rrb- . avoid at all cost ... unless you have insomnia ... this will put you to sleep !
Slither be a horror comedy that do not really have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other . it have one scene that be exceptionally good , any number of zinger that work , but very few real scare and not enough humor to maintain the movie . in addition , the script do not focus on the hero and heroine , and go off kilter in several place . <br /> <br /> a major fail of this film be that it introduce and then leave its hero -lrb- fillion -rrb- to follow Grant Grant -lrb- Michael Rooker -rrb- as he be first introduce and then become the monster . this whole part of the film drag - Michael Rooker 's character be not that interesting to we as a person , and watch as he go through a series of motion while act in the monster 's interest might be interesting if this be Grant - portrait of a man turn Into A monster rather than a horror-comedy alien invasion movie . in the final analysis this movie 's problem be in the script - it be not that important to the audience how the monster act or propagate . the purpose of a horror-comedy be to get the hero back up in a corner with shotgun and then throw bug at they , with they crack wise every time something frightening or disgusting happen . instead we get a exploration of the alien 's habit and tactic that just make this part of the movie drag . the ostensible heroine -lrb- Elizabeth bank as Starla Grant -rrb- be more central to this part , but nonetheless I feel the movie have leave its narrative track , unless it plan on follow Grant Grant all the way to the end . <br /> <br /> when Fillion and he posse finally confront the alien the movie do begin to cook , but once again the problem be in the script . by this point that audience know - and the character should know - that Grant be not just suffer from some disease , and act accordingly -lrb- shotgun -rrb- - instead they continuously parley in the face of increase evidence that this be not something that `` let we get you to a hospital '' be go to help . although they reaction might have be human and real , these be character in a action movie and simply should have do what the movie promise - deliver action . a lack of action scene in a movie with as few idea as this be a great fail . <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS AHEAD *** after the first confrontation and the bursting of the alien larval sack -lrb- a minor character and perhaps the best scene in the movie -rrb- the script once again betray the movie . at this point one of the character be almost take over by the alien and develop a insight into the alien . the writer-director -lrb- gunn -rrb- choose as this character a completely new character , rather than one of already develop minor character . why ? why do he need to introduce a completely new character more than a hour into the movie that become central to the plot ? by the time this character be attack , we know hardly anything about she and could care less about she , even though she be a winsome teenage girl in she bath . have Gunn decide not to use this character and just use one of the established minor character , he could have completely avoid introduce she family , and save time and money . furthermore , the hero and heroine would have be fill in on the alien 's plan without all the additional character , and could have get around to blow away alien sooner and with more vigor . <br /> <br /> my last criticism be base on the movie 's look . Gunn be primarily a writer , or maybe it be budgetary constraint , but this movie look ugly and uninteresting . most of the action take place at night in wood or on a field , and the screen simply look drab . the set in Wheelsy -lrb- the fictional town where the action take place -rrb- look cheap . the whole movie look cheap . Box Office Mojo state the film ' budget be $ 15 million , newspaper say $ 29 million , and consider they do not use any name talent , I would say the money do not show up on screen . the monster be just repulsive , and rarely look deadly . <br /> <br /> the last criticism be primarily base on the reality of the character 's action . by the time Fillion and Co have begin hunting grant/the alien , one woman have disappear and Grant be know to have be mutilate animal . at this point I be expect the FBI or at least the state police to show up and take over from the hick sheriff . a woman have disappear and likely be murder , and a local have be act psychotic . Time to call the authority . but basically I be hope that would happen because I just want some character who would show up and act . <br /> <br /> although this movie be ostensibly a horror-comedy , the movie it bear the most resemblance to be Dreamcatcher in term of monstrous invasion and the type of monster and its intention . whereas dreamcatcher have much bigger problem with story -lrb- especially the entire Morgan Freeman subplot -rrb- and particularly the end , in many way it be stronger , primarily because the main character be stronger , but more importantly because it look beautiful . although that may be anathema - prefer the movie that be weaker in general plot and structural spine because of production value - that just show you how uninteresting I find the look of Slither .
read some of the comment on the message board here I be expect this movie to be a complete letdown - but when I watch it I could not stop laugh ! it have officially become my new favourite movie . <br /> <br /> I do not know what all the hate here be about , maybe it be because a movie of this kind have never really be around before . I be at a loss to name another completely female driven comedy . plenty of comedy will have one or two actress in the lead , but there will be a lot of support male character . this one be almost all woman - with the exception of Seth Meyers , Justin Hartley and the brief appearance of Will Arnett - and it work . all of the actress deliver very funny performance -lrb- especially Missi Pyle -rrb- from a quirky and lovable script . <br /> <br /> the charm of this film , to I , seem to be in its subtle feminist message : accept who you be , female success in the public sphere , the strength of female friendship and break gender role . light-hearted though it be , each of the lead character face a challenge as they attempt to be more ` fun ' conflict with they feminist value and who they know themselves to be . <br /> <br /> Missi Pyle propose that this film miss a theatrical release because of its all-female cast and lack of a big-name actor to get the studio behind it , and I have to agree . everyone I have recommend this film to have love it and I think it be a shame that a comedy celebrate female dorkiness have not be widely accept and successful . <br /> <br /> I highly recommend this film to anyone with a open mind or a love of female-centred comedy .
here be one the entire family will enjoy ... even those who consider themselves too old for fairy tale . Shelley Duvall outdo herself with this unique , imaginative take on nearly all of the popular fairy tale of childhood . the script offer new twist on the age-old fable we grow up on and they feature a handful of star in each episode . `` Cinderella '' be no exception to Duvall 's standard and in my opinion it be one of the top five of the series , highlight by Jennifer Beals -lrb- remember she from `` Flashdance '' -- and she be still in Hollywood today make a movie here and there -rrb- in the title role , Jean Stapleton as the fairy godmother with a southern accent and Eve Arden as the embodiment of wicked stepmotherhood . Edie McClurg -lrb- `` Ferris Bueller 's day off '' -rrb- and Jane Alden make for a hilarious duo as the stepsister . Matthew Broderick be a affable Prince Henry . you 'll all keep come back for this one !
I watch this movie also , and altho it be very well do , I find it a heartbreaker and would not recommend this to woman who have small child . . the terror on this mother 's face when she see she child about to be run over by a train be truly heartbreaking . and the sad thing be -- internally she die . eventually she go back to the applacian mountain . all the money in the world which she make from make doll do not conceal the grief she have . I remember she desperate face as she pull money out of she clothes to try to have she child heal . I be surprised this movie take place in Detroit , because when I watch it I think for sure the people have come to Cincinnati , Ohio . this also be a route for the poor from the mountain .
this have get to be one of the worst movie ever make . even for a biker movie , it be rock bottom . the minimal plot involve a gang of biker take over a small town -lrb- how original ! -rrb- and the townspeople 's attempt to fight they off . why do not they call for outside help ? who know ? the fight scene be obviously fake . Adam West and Tina Louise be in it but both have little to do and both look ashamed to be there -lrb- understandably -rrb- this movie belong in the trash heap !
I be the guy who usually keep opinion to himself , but I just get back from this movie , and feel I have to express my opinion . let I start by say that I be a huge horror fan . but what make a horror movie ? I sure like to see even a tiny bit of a good script and character development . I know they often lack in horror movie , but Prom Night look like it do not even put forth ANY effort in that department . next , we all love suspense . that on the edge of you seat suspense with unpredictable surprise . yeah , Prom Night have none of that ! of course , we like a terrifying killer . Prom Night have that ? nope , it have a pretty boy with a cute lil ' knife . and when all else fail ... at least horror have its guilty pleasure to make it enjoyable like gore gore gore , and the occasional nude scene ! yeah , well when you have a horror movie rate pg-13 like Prom Night , they leave that stuff out too . so with all of these element miss , I ask ... do this still count as a horror movie ? nope . I would call it more of a comedy . people in my theater be laugh more at this then they be when I see `` Semi-Pro '' that be suppose to actually be a comedy -lrb- which also suck , but that another story ! -rrb- . I think I be just go to have to give up on new horror . all the good horror movie of the good ol' day have be remake into garbage so movie studio can make money . the people I go to see it with do not even know this be a remake ! which make I mad ! I wonder what will happen when there be no more movie to remake ??? where will horror go next ???
this be a tongue in cheek movie from the very outset with a voice-over that poke fun at everything french and then produce a rather naif but very brave hero in Fanfan La Tulipe . portray by the splendid Gerard Philippe , the dash young man believe utterly in the fate curvaceous Lollobrigida foretell - notably that he will marry King Louis XV 's daughter ! Problem be , La Lollo soon find out she too be in love with Fanfan ... <br /> <br /> propel by good sword fight , cavalcade , and other spirited action sequence the film move at a brisk pace and with many comic moment . the direction be perhaps the weakest aspect but the film be so light and take itself so un-seriously that I could not give those shortcoming a second thought . look out for Noel Roquevert , a traditional heavy in french film , try to steal La Lollo , make himself a nuisance , and feed the script to the fortune teller that read La Lollo 's hand ! and what a gem Marcel Herrand be as the megalomanous and lust-driven King Louis XV ! that be not all : so many beautiful woman in one film make I wish I be in France and on the set back in 1952 ! the film may have come out that year but its verve , cheek , superb narration , immaculate photography and the memorable Gerard Philippe ensure that it remain modern and a pleasure to watch . I would not hesitate to recommend it to my grandchild let alone to anyone who love movie in general and swashbuckler in particular ! do see it !
first , I should mention that I really enjoy ISHII Katsuhito 's previous film `` samehada otoko to Momojiri Onna '' -lrb- `` shark skin man and peach hip Girl '' -rrb- . although it owe a debt to Tarentino 's `` Pulp Fiction '' , Ishii 's cast be up to the task of carry the story , and the entire film crackle with energy . the scene between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya be particularly engaging . there be action , intrigue , bizarre characterization , enough sex to keep thing interesting , and a utterly unpredictable story line . <br /> <br /> so it be with a certain amount of anticipation and optimism that I begin to watch `` Party 7 '' . and my enthusiasm be certainly pique with the opening credit , which leave my wife and I actually stun by how dynamic and exciting they be ; the mix of anime and live-action work be brilliant ! then , the actual movie start . actually , it do not so much `` start '' as sort of shuffle in the side door and stand there , fumble through its pocket , look uncomfortable . <br /> <br /> the entire film take place in three room . one be a futuristic voyeur 's paradise -lrb- borrow a bit from `` Shark Skin Man ... '' -rrb- , another be a travel agent 's office , and the third -lrb- and far the most use -rrb- be a seedy hotel room . in that room , a cast of seven character meet and ... do approximately nothing . really . I be no stranger to `` talk '' film . one of my all-time favorite be `` my dinner with Andre '' , the talkiest of all talk film . `` my dinner with Andre '' be far more exciting , and it just have two middle-aged man discuss they life over dinner . the key be that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting story . the cast of `` Party 7 '' literally just whine at each other for the entire film . `` no , you do not ! '' `` yes , I do ! '' `` no , you really do not ! '' `` yes , I really do ! '' `` no , you really , really do not ! '' yes , I really ... '' you get the idea , I hope . I wish the directer have . <br /> <br /> `` Party 7 be a unbelievably unengaging film . there be only the flimsiest of plot -lrb- money steal from the Yakuza , just like in `` Shark Skin Man ... '' -rrb- , accompany by almost no action . there be no interesting dialog . the character be largely uninteresting . it be as if Ishii take the throwaway conversational moment from Tarentino 's film and build a entire film around they . but Tarentino 's conversation always have they own internal logic and wit -lrb- `` they call it a ` Royale , with cheese ' '' -rrb- . not so with the dialog here , which be duller than you can imagine . if it be not for the brief , hilarious cameo from Gashuin -lrb- who be always marvelous -rrb- and a low-key performance from the awesome ASANO Tadanobu , I would have give `` Party 7 '' a single star . it really be chore to make it all the way through .
the 3rd and in my view the best of the Blackadder series . <br /> <br /> the only downside be that there be no lord Percy who be the funniest character from the previous series but Hugh Laurie 's Prince Regent be suitably madcap laugh a line . <br /> <br /> as a package it be quality through and through with convincing regency set , superb cut sarcasm and little bit of the wacky , the ` macbeth ' actor stand out and Prince Georges ` lucky we ' chicken impression , and the miss word from Dr Johnson 's dictionary . <br /> <br /> few comedy have be quite as both clever as they be funny , okay the odd lame observation or line get in but mostly it be a scream .
after read the review , it become obvious that everyone intellectualize this work . how utterly boring . oh how about the good ol' day and there be nothing like it . of all the comment no one express any emotion to this work or any other . <br /> <br /> I grow up just after the end of the steam age and this cinematic gem along with Dan ' l Boone grace the Saturday afternoon matinées . this be a annual movie that make the round and fill the seat with gab , yap , fart , giggle , snot monster like myself or was-self . and it be a movie theatre filler at the time . almost as big as the Wizard of Oz . <br /> <br /> imdb insist that every critique contain something about the plot . Problem be be that it be rather a template . here go . Randolph Scott -lrb- cowboy/hero -rrb- gather friend and go defeat those evil people . Hooray ! <br /> <br /> all of we kid figure out that plot before we plunk we quarter down to watch it . that be just about the plot line of every Scott , John Wayne , Roy Rogers film ever make . if you take the time to go back and review each and every movie - just do not ask for surprise . <br /> <br /> one must remember the context of the time . there be no or little tv . none for kid . there be school . there be the great outdoors . there be toy gun . no Cyber time . and the steam age have just collapse . but movie such as this provide the entertainment and fill the imagination of young whippersnapper . even the girl get into it . <br /> <br /> this movie be the entertainment . and it be just as mindless as anything produce today . it have a purpose originally of be propaganda . but quickly come to be kid movie . <br /> <br /> we father have experience the real thing . and it would not be until Sam Peckinpah a decade later who finally lavish the red splash of imitation blood in realistic and copious quantity . not until he directorship do anyone die slowly , with great pain and miserably . until Peckinpah war and gun fight be a rather bloodless affair . thanks Sam . <br /> <br /> to see a movie have little or no blood , the adult do not mind . they would not have tolerate it I think . no gut spray the shatter plant life . so this movie have all of the glory and none of the gory . Gung Ho be suitable for kid then . <br /> <br /> you will see that I assign a four to this rating . why would I do that ? well . it be a terrible movie . no matter how I love it . I do love this movie because it bring back one of the happier moment of my childhood . but it be not all that good of a movie in quality term . basically Gung Ho transit to become a romance novel for child . <br /> <br /> should people watch it . of course . I be not say to stay away . realistically however . the plot be simple . the character shallow ? they be shoal . you can love a bad movie .
give the low budget and production limitation , this movie be very good . it be plausible , realistic , and show how the Csikos -lrb- hungarian horseman who live on the plain -lrb- puszta -rrb- risk they life to save a down american pilot from the ruthless and savage Nazis . we be draw into strong feeling for the young , impressionable , yet highly courageous boy -- who admire the american pilot . if you be look for special effect , superman hero , and magical ending -- this movie be not for you . if you want to feel what it must have be like to dodge the persistent , amoral Nazis and they lack of compassion , then you will be enthral by this movie . I truly enjoy it and for those who love horse , dog , and humble , helpful people who value freedom and those who aspire to that end , this movie will be one you 'll remember for a long time .
necessarily ridiculous film version the literary classic `` Moby Dick '' . John Barrymore be Captain Ahab , who fall in love with the pastor 's daughter , Joan Bennett . he brother Derek be a rival for Ms. Bennett 's affection . when Mr. Barrymore lose he leg in a whaling accident , Bennett reject he . he must slay the whale and win Bennett back ... <br /> <br /> there be several scene which may have thrill 1930 theater audience ; particularly the scene involve Barrymore lose he leg . the film have not aged well , however ; there be much better film from the time , both 1920s silent and 1930 talkie . the two name attraction , John Barrymore and Joan Bennett be not at they best . <br /> <br /> **** Moby Dick -lrb- 8/14/30 -rrb- Lloyd Bacon ~ John Barrymore , Joan Bennett , Lloyd Hughes
I would just like to say , that no matter how low budget the film be , it need to be show throughout this world the point to these movie . we do not read that much anymore , instead people want to see movie . have this series out on dvd , have make I want to read the whole series , and want more . please make all 8 movie . please do not change any of the character either , it ruin the effect . because I have grow to love the actor who have play the character . please make all 8 movie . I want to see the message , and watch the message that these book and now movie be here to portray . we do not get that enough anymore . awesome job !!!
I strongly disagree with `` ctomvelu '' regard Jim Belushi 's talent . I happen to like Belushi very much . admittedly , I be skeptical when he first appear on the scene , because I be such a huge fan of he late brother John . but Jim have a on-screen charm that have get he very far -- and he have develop it well over the year . <br /> <br /> curly sue be one of he earlier film -- he weight be a giveaway -lrb- be not that true for most of we ? -rrb- -- and I like the film . yes , it be touching and heartwarming , so if you be into car chase , explosion and gratuitous sex , then you might want to pass on this one -- it be a warm film of three lose sole who find each other . do not get I wrong , I be all for the three aforementioned key to a successful film , but I also like a nice , solid tale like this one . <br /> <br /> and although Belushi and Kelly Lynch deliver excellent performance , the real star of this film be Alisan Porter -- who be absolutely adorable . <br /> <br /> I do not know what happen to she career , but whoever be responsible for drop the ball -lrb- agent ? parent ? herself ? -rrb- should be shoot . you could not ask for a more perfect introduction to fame than this film , and yet nothing of note have be hear from she since . <br /> <br /> another sad Hollywood story ...
my sibling and I stumble upon the Champions when we local station air re-run of it one summer in the 1970 's . we absolutely adore it . there be something so exotic and mysterious about it , especially when compare to the usual american re-run -lrb- Petticoat Junction , Green Acres ... you get the idea -rrb- . it have a similar feel to the Avengers -lrb- not too much of a surprise , since it be also british and in the spy/adventure genre -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I would love to see it again now -- hopefully it hold up . I have mention this show to other and no one have ever hear of it , so I begin to wonder if I would imagine its whole existence . but the wonder that be the web have allow I track down information about it . hopefully it will find a new generation of fan .
Michael Curtiz direct this 1930 very-stylish whodunit from a script by Robert Presnell Sr. , Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine . the original novel they adapt be `` the Kennel murder case '' , perhaps from a writer 's standpoint the best of the Philo Vance mystery by the strange S.S. Van Dine . Vance be a long-worded and superior detective genius , and he character be assign to William Powell probably mean the executive at Warner Brothers be aware of the possibility that in less-engaging hand this detective might alienate viewer . fortunately they assign suave William Powell first to the character. ; later he be play by Basil Rathbone , Warren William , and Paul Lukas before be consign to `` b '' picture status.the other question as always with Warner Brothers executive be why they choose Vance as a character ; they penchant be to choose man who operate outside the law , with no apparent discrimination between a vicious murderer and a champion of individual rights against all comer . this film have a despicable villain who get murder , and a claustrophobically challenging locale inside a apartment complex . the character be unarguably unusually well-realized , the direction rather good and unusually swift-paced ; and except for a darkish b/w look , the film avoid the comedic aside , superfluous character and irrelevant dialogue characteristic of many early detective entry . Jack Okey do the good art direction . the music by Berhard Kaun be serviceable ; Orry-Kelly do the costume . William Reese provide the mostly-indoor cinematography . in the interesting cast , Powell be the Philo Vance of he time , mostly sober-minded with just a hint of sardonic humor here and there . Eugene Palette be better than usual play very straight as a admiring police partner to Vance , with he very professional timing . the other actor who come off best be handsome Paul Cavangh , very effective as always in what be write as a red herr part . Mary Astor be attractive but at this point in she career she talk a bit too fast to be as effective as she later prove . also in the cast be Helen Vinson as the villain 's woman , Jack La Rue , Ralph Morgan -lrb- best know as Frank Morgan 's brother -rrb- , Robert Barrat as the villain everyone have cause to kill , Archer Coe , and Frank Conroy as he likable brother with Robert McWade as the D.A. ; quirky and funny Etiienne Girardot have a delightfully witty part as the funny little forensic doctor who come onto the crime scene . James lee as the abused chinese servant be excellent and intelligent . the story break into four part . first there be shad doings at a dog show , where Vance , Coe and Cavanagh be all show West Highland terrier . Cavanagh 's dog be kill , by Coe , to prevent he win the title over he own entry . the second portion of the scene involve a leave-taking ; someone be confuse enough by who have go where , after Coe part from he girl friend , Vinson , to murder he nice brother by mistake . enter Vance , to find out who do in Archer Coe in a lock room and how , with the help of palette ; the romantic difficulty be straighten out , the chinese servant be exonerate , we find out who break the expensive vase , who will marry whom , how Archer Coe be do in and why the butler do not do it -- but someone else with a good excuse do . this be a more-than-good little mystery , which skilled hungarian-born director Curtiz take quite seriously . he use wipe , swift cut , change of camera angle and alternation between straightforward and daring camera-work to achieve variety , interest and a sustained pace . many writer , critic and expert , myself include , consider this to be the best of the Vance project , although other be estimable as well .
this film be one that play very well back in 1932 and probably would not work as well today because its style it a bit old fashion and contrived . however , if you be the sort person , like I , who adore older Hollywood film , you cut the film a bit of slack and can enjoy it for what it be -- a interesting soap . <br /> <br /> the film be set in a ward for problem pregnancy . in this large room be about a half dozen bed in which woman be wait to give birth -- but doctor be concern about possible complication -lrb- yike -- such a room would really traumatize the mother ! -rrb- . and , like a episode of `` Love Boat '' or `` Fantasy Island '' , each mother have she own special story . with so many rather extreme and crazy story , you have to suspend disbelief . I could and enjoy the film quite a bit . <br /> <br /> here be a few of the story : one involve a father . you do not see the mom , but he be a very , very nervous father and it be include for comic relief . however , he be wonderful here -- very touching . <br /> <br /> Loretta Young and Eric Linden be a sad case . Loretta be send to the hospital from prison -- she apparently kill some horrible guy . you do not know exactly what occur , but you assume he be try to force himself on she ! yet , she be give a 20 year sentence -- and she husband be devote to she and be by she side as much as he can . <br /> <br /> Glenda Farrell be a awful person . she have the maternal instinct of a hamster -- a really , really bad and alcoholic hamster ! she be pretty funny and worth see through most of the film . I love she drinking from a hot water bottle fill with gin as well as become upset when she learn she can not make money sell she twin !! late in the film , she have a typical hollywood-style change of heart that be suppose to be touching -- I find it contrived . <br /> <br /> there be a woman who have give birth to a still-born baby . amazingly , afterword , they put the lady back in the same ward as the woman wait to give birth !!! a crazy woman , who you assume lose a baby some time ago , wander down from the psychiatric unit . she insist she be have a baby . later , she escape again and actually take one of the kid ! <br /> <br /> there be most story than this but the one I mention be the main one . as I say , it be a soap opera of sort and be highly entertaining -- and quite sad in the case of several of the story . the end , in particular , be heart-breaking and exceptionally well do . there be a few particularly good performance -- especially Farrell and Aline MacMahon as the head nurse . all in all , a very good film -- and I have no idea why they feel they have to remake the film just a few year later -lrb- which be typical for Warner Brothers -rrb- .
the information contain in this movie be somewhat familiar to many who have be pay attention to the news lately . the Walter Reed scandal show a small part of the fact that we be not do a good job take care of we injured hero when they return . <br /> <br /> what this movie further show be a truth common to all war . the psychological trauma that soldier suffer while engage in war and the difficulty they have when return to civilian life . they be not just change or affect , they be different people and most do not know how to deal with that as they do not know themselves . <br /> <br /> finally , this film show what the military do to we young man in woman in get they ready for war and the policy and practice that they have to follow in prosecute war that lead to all the psychological trauma . <br /> <br /> we have over 3000 dead soldier in the four year of this invasion ; but we have many ten of thousand that will suffer lifelong physical and psychological trauma because of this war . it do not matter what side you be on , it behoove you to know the cost of war to decide if we should be in that business . this film illustrate the cost to the man and woman perfectly .
as other have mention , all the woman that go nude in this film be mostly absolutely gorgeous . the plot very ably show the hypocrisy of the female libido . when man be around they want to be pursue , but when no `` man '' be around , they become the pursuer of a 14 year old boy . and the boy become a man really fast -lrb- we should all be so lucky at this age ! -rrb- . he then get up the courage to pursue he true love .
the cover on the dvd and disc be freak awesome , you would think they make a movie about sweet tooth from twisted metal black which be still a really great idea , but this movie 's actor be worst then Ben 's performance in pearl harbor , porno 's have better quality and better actor . i be gon na buy the dvd but luckily i rent it first , the plot and script be also horrible , nothing seem to go to together so the movie really never make sense . the poor attempt to frighten you use flashback scene be worse then one use in 80 's sitcom show and in the end it 'll leave you want to bang you head against the wall of you house .
must every good story be `` improve '' with add corny Broadway music ? apparently those who can not come up with they own plot think that classic literature be just there for the plunder . I confess that Oliver twist and similar story be not my favorite , as it be certainly true that Dickens often write thing that leave you considerably bum out , and this be a great example of just that ... so of course , take this serious tale and add nauseating music and camp it up with every character from prance orphan boy to mincing bobby and suddenly it be uplift ? argh . fetch I a basin . <br /> <br /> the four star in my rating come from casting , which I could liken to that of my fair lady . each of these film have a cast that a play version could be proud of , but then they must go and have they sing -lrb- see complaint above -rrb- . unlike my fair lady , those singing here could actually do so and they mercifully spare we the singing voice of Oliver Reed -lrb- pardon if I be mistaken , it be be a while -rrb- . <br /> <br /> my biggest complaint I have state . why embarrass everyone except the truly shameless by put silly song into a perfectly good story ? seldom have this be do to good effect . generally it ruin the story . it do with this one . jury 's still out on whether this story be worth save , but with all that gad about , it be impossible to tell .
panic deliver the goods ten fold with Oscar caliber performance from William H Macy , Neve Campbell , and Donald Sutherland . in a movie about the choice we make and the consequence we live with . chillingly honest and think provoke , panic be easily one of the best film to come out of Hollywood in year . the impact stay with you right after you leave the theater .
I originally come across Linda Feferman 's seven Minutes in Heaven when I be 14 and work at a video store and I love it . I recently watch the movie again and have realize that it be a lose treasure . the movie star Jennifer Connelly , almost twenty year before she would go on to win a Oscar for Beautiful Mind , as Natalie Becker . Byron Thames play she best friend in the world , Jeff Moran . the film be definitely a milder , cuter and softer version of the Pretty in Pink 's and some Kind of wonderful 's of the 1980 's , which be exactly why it be so good . it be honest , not force like those film , and parent will enjoy watch this movie with there kid . <br /> <br /> when Natalie 's Dad leave home on a business trip , Jeff convince she that he should move in because he home life suck . with support from Natalie 's friend , Polly , play exquisitely by Maddie Corman , she let he . but this movie be not about put kid in situation and see what they can get away with . the three lead be so natural and the script , surprisingly so honest , that what come through best in they performance be heart breaking . these character really do care about each other . it be a great film to show to kid who be reach pre-teen adolescence . <br /> <br />
I remember see this movie when i be a kid one day on the wonderful world of Disney . this movie have be in my memory for over 30 year and I have be look for it . I would have to say that out of all the kid movie I see back then , , this one stick out more than all of they and after only see it once , I really hope I would get to see it again . the story and image of this movie have be burn into my memory . to this day , I never do see it after that day back in the 70s , in fact , I never remember the title until a internet search earlier today disclose it to I . I love it and want my kid to see it.does anybody know where I can find it ?
I enter the theater to Sky Captain in 2004 expect a good film . nearly every review of this movie have be positive , the effect look entice , the preview convincing . <br /> <br /> needless to say , disappointment actually do not describe the feeling I get from this film . it be rage . <br /> <br /> beyond be boring and poorly write , the reason this film get a 2 out of 10 star be because everything in the film be steal from another source . I understand the difference between a homage and stealing : this be steal . more importantly , it seem that the filmmaker do not steal to progress a point or move the plot along . they steal just to show that they could . there be literally no point to show a clip of the Wizard of Oz in a theater at the beginning of the movie except to set up another scene -lrb- that I will not elaborate on -rrb- which steal from the same film . needless to say , every concept in the film be neither original nor even a spin on a old concept : it be literally just a rehash of something I have already see , from pulp-era robot reminiscent of the old Superman Cartoons and the recent film `` the Iron Giant '' , to the silent martial artist minion of the villain that have be use in countless film , most recognizable in recent year as Darth Maul in `` Star Wars : the Phantom menace '' . <br /> <br /> on the subject of the actual film , most of the performance be completely wooden . perhaps this be because the entire movie be do on a blue-screen , with computer imagery fill in everything save the actor . frankly , this be no excuse for poor acting . if a person be ever a child , they understand that a lack of visual reference be no excuse for not try . <br /> <br /> finally , there be no humanity in this film . the protagonist be the only real human being here . nearly all the antagonist be robot , and the number of friendly character that be show during the film can be count on one hand . if robot be attack the entire planet , should not we expect to see mass of humanity run from they ? the sub-par performance of the main character prevent we from connect to , really , anything here . <br /> <br /> the film be not the worst movie out there , which be why I do not give it a 1 . rather , the film be a example of all that be wrong with modern action film : the filmmaker try to justify the movie with special effect , but without artistic vision or originality of any kind , it fall flat .
this film be a true and historical film . it be very useful to those research the ld church , because it be 100 % true . it be a excellent film and I recommend it . <br /> <br /> it be very factual , exciting , and motivational . there be some who think it be not factual , but it be . <br /> <br /> it be about the restoration of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , and about the prophet , Joseph Smith , who restore it . it have such event in he life as the disease that he have when he be a small boy , he court Emma Smith , Emma , he wife , give birth , and so on . but most importantly it reveal the restoration of the church .
there be a reason this go straight to video - the story be smarmy , Nick Cage play Johnny in a sleazy way - sex in church , and other scene that border on tasteless -lrb- like the scene in the laundry room -rrb- taint this movie . Judge Reinhold as the cuckold be okay - but the movie itself with its theme of degradation and revenge be not well do . but it be a good film for trivia contest - because so few people see it .
Jay Chou play a orphan raise in a kung fu school , but kick out by the corrupt headmaster after fight with a bunch of thug in the employ of a nefarious villain . he happen upon down-on-his-luck trickster Eric Tsang , who immediately see cash potential in the youngster 's skill . basketball be the choose avenue for riches , and Tsang bid to get he a spot on a University team and to promote he in the media . General success lead to a basketball championship and a really nasty rival team manage by the same nefarious villain of before . <br /> <br /> it be all a bit shaolin soccer I guess , but not so quirky or ridiculous - the plot stick pretty close to sport movie convention , and deliver all the element the crowd expect from the set-up . you have see it all before , but it be the kind of stuff it never hurt to see again when it be do well . luckily it really be do well here -lrb- some might say ` surprisingly ' with Chu Yen-Ping in the director 's chair ... I expect he have good ` assistant ' -rrb- - the script deliver and the presentation be slick and stylish . Jay Chou remain pretty much expressionless throughout , but such be he style , and when he do let a emotion flicker across it can be to quite good comic effect . Eric Tsang compensate with a larger-than-life character that he be play many time before -lrb- in real life , for instance -rrb- who get many of the film most emotional moment . <br /> <br /> since the film revolve around basketball , it be good that the scene of basketball match be suitably rousing . the cast show some real skill , include Chou , and some well do wirework and cgus add that element of hyper-real kung fu skill that make the scene even more entertaining -lrb- assume you like that sort of thing -rrb- and justify the movie 's plot/existence . <br /> <br /> there be only one significant fight scene in the movie , but it be a doozy in the `` one against many '' style . Jay Chou appear to do a lot of he own move , and be quite impressive - he be clearly pretty strong and fast for real , and Ching Siu-Tung 's choreography make he look like a real martial artist . I wish there would be more , but at least it be a lengthy fight . <br /> <br /> very much the kind of chinese new year blockbuster I hope it would be from the trailer , and recommend viewing !
the ultimate goal of big Brother , that we know what to think before we think it , have be realize . be it some kind of miracle , or sinister joke , that people don mental straight jacket of they own volition , twist themselves into contorted shape , and grin like ape ? movie , art , no longer risk the unknown , but be forgo conclusion , drain of life . <br /> <br /> `` the Notorious Bettie Page '' be a bland case history , fit for a freshman college feminism course . its lesson be schematic , right-angled and linear : `` see how woman be objectify , exploit , abused , then toss on the trash heap , by a male-dominated society . '' <br /> <br /> Bettie Page , supposedly , be the `` pin-up queen of the 1950 's , '' the ass million of man ejaculate to . -lrb- all reviewer repeat that phrase , `` pin-up queen of the 1950 's , '' like a choir of monkey . -rrb- she history as a american sex bomb be familiar : Southern , abuse by she father , rape , etc. . in this movie she be a naïf , a innocent unaware of the prurient interest she serve and shamelessly profit from . although she believe in Jesus , she enjoy frolic nude before a camera lens -- just the wholesome girl-next-door sex-slave american male supposedly fantasize . <br /> <br /> from the mouth of writer-director Mary Harron herself , oxford-educated and ex-punker -lrb- do you smell the combined rot of privilege and `` hipness '' as I do ? -rrb- : `` I feel that without feminism , I would not be do this . ... I do not make feminist film in the sense that I do not make anything ideological . but I do find that woman get my film better . '' what a cozy clique . <br /> <br /> the movie merely go through the motion of tell the story of a human life , it be subject and purpose have be eulogize and inter well before the movie begin . Ms. Page have a boyfriend , but we be show next to nothing about they relationship . in fact , there be no intimate or detailed relationship in the film . <br /> <br /> one can not ignore its smug simplicity . in New York , where Ms. Page try she best to fit into and appease a man 's world , let herself be tie up in the rope of bondage and tightly lace into the black leather boot and bodice of S & M , the movie be black and white . but down in Miami , where she go to get away from it all , gleefully take off she clothes , and be photograph by a `` liberate '' female , the movie turn into color . <br /> <br /> like hell harron do not `` make feminist film , '' do not `` make anything ideological . '' ideology have become so internalize , so assume , so program , that it be almost invisible . big Brother must be smile .
when I be at the movie store the other day , I pass up Blonde and Blonder , but something about it just seem like it could possibly be a cute movie . who know ? I mean , I be sure most people bash Romy and Michelle before they see it , Blonde and blonder might have just be another secret treasure that be pass up . but when I start watch it : Executive Producer Pamela Anderson , wow , I know I be in for something scary . not only that , but both of what be consider the pinnacle of hotness : Pam Anderson and Denise Richards , not to offend they , but they be not age well at all and they be play role that I think be more mean for woman who be suppose to be in they 20 's , not they 40 's . the story be just plain bad and obnoxious . <br /> <br /> Dee and Dawn be you beyond stupid stereotypical blonde 's , they really do not have a clue when it come to what be go on in the world , it be just really sad . but when the girl be somehow mistake for murder assassin , the cop be on they tale and be actually call the girl genius due to they `` ignorance be bliss '' attitude . they be set up to make a `` hit '' on a guy , and they think they be just go to `` show he a good time '' , but the real assassin be tick and want the case and to kill the girl . <br /> <br /> Denise and Pam just look very awkward on the screen and almost like they read the script the day before . I know that this be suppose to be the stupid comedy , but it be more than stupid , it go onto obnoxious and be just unnecessary . would I ever recommend this ? not in a million year , the girl be just at this point try to maintain they status as `` sex kitten '' , it be more a sign of desperation and blonde and blonder be a huge blonde bombshell . <br /> <br /> 1/10
there be moment in the film that be so dreadful , you tooth ache . but know that there be only week leave before the Code make movie innocuous and bland , Paramount rush this into production before innuendo and leering go out of style . Vanities be so horrifically anti-female that it be delicious . as Kitty Carlisle sing , woman be display with price tag that would insult a Bronx hooker . they emerge from clam -lrb- nudge , nudge ; wink , wink -rrb- in posture of absolute submission . minion of the law , so stupid they can not find the door , get to look up they skirt and snicker . bare-breasted chorus girl sit uncomfortably in giant cactus -lrb- could they be a source of hallucinogen , perhaps ? -rrb- while we listen to `` Sweet Marijuana '' and watch as blood fall on a chorine 's breast . <br /> <br /> Sure , Carl Brisson learn he line phonetically and do not seem to have a clue what he be say . but it be all worth it as Norma steal the show while no one be look . <br /> <br /> take one moment of this fragile fluff seriously be miss the point of the whole exercise . watch this with a charter member of NOW and prepare to justify the whole Hollywood machismo sch tick between body blow . <br /> <br /> Toby Wing , by the way , be the icing on the cake . and Duke Ellington do not hurt either . <br /> <br /> a must stroll down memory Lane .
First of all , I be expect `` caged heat '' to be along the same line as `` Ilsa , the wicked warden '' . boy , be I wrong ! in no way be this film 70s exploitation , `` chix in chain '' , or `` woman in prison '' . sure , the plot consist of a bunch of woman in prison , who wear street clothes btw -lrb- quite comical -rrb- , but NOTHING happen . <br /> <br /> there be not strong rivalry , no one try to seduce the warden or doctor in order to try and escape , and no inmate make out . there be 2 shower scene , that I suspect be just recycle footage , but no fight break out / no one be seduce here - or anywhere for that matter ! aside from the lack of plot , unconvincing , unsympathetic , and flat character , a couple of inmate that do manage to escape actually return to the prison in order to `` free '' they fellow inmate ??!! <br /> <br /> puh-lease , the movie should have just end off with the escapee ride off into the sunset ... as oppose to let this mess continue ! <br /> <br /> I feel scam .
see as the world snooker championship final finish in a premature and disappointing manner with Ronnie O`Sullivan defeat Greame Dott by 18 frame to 8 BBC 2 find a gap in they schedule and so decide to broadcast a walk on the moon a movie I have absolutely no knowledge off <br /> <br /> I miss a few seconds of the title credit so have no idea Viggo Mortensen star in it and think possibly it might be a cheap tvm , certainly the opening with the mawkish Pearl and Marty take they kid to a summer camp have that sort of make for tv feel though the brightly light -lrb- too brightly light -rrb- cinematography seem to suggest this be a cinematic film and it be n`t until the appearence of Viggo Mortensen as hippy guy Walker that I realise this be a cinema release , after all someone of Mortensen ` s stature would n`t star in a TVM , I mean that ` s like a legend like Robert DeNiro appear in a straight to video film . wait a minute , do n`t Bob ... ? <br /> <br /> some people on this site have mention that Pearl and Marty be a unconvincing on-screen couple and I agree . I can understand why Pearl would be attract to exciting hippy guy but have no idea why Walker would be attract to plain house wife Pearl . the sixty be before my time but surely if you ` ve get the choice between hippy chick and bored house wife it ` s not really a choice at all . mind you a lot of people take lsd in those day so I guess that explain it <br /> <br /> I feel the major problem of a walk on the moon come down to the fact it ` s a romantic drama at heart -lrb- just like you ` d expect in a tvm -rrb- with several cloying come of age scene so why include a fairly explicit sex scene ? it jar with the rest of the movie and be possibly off put to the menopuasal woman who be 20 something in 1969 . I say possibly because the movie also seem to aim at a teeenage market with the come of age scene and those teenager will probably be bore with the historical and social context of man walk on the moon and Woodstock . in other word a walk on the moon try to attract many type of audience but will probably appeal to none of they
Screenwriter Lisa Lutz begin write the screenplay at the age of 21 in 1991 <br /> <br /> be she even in business ? if someone give she another chance after this piece of crap , she be up for the most fortunate person of ever award.this movie suck to no end ... it never cease to amaze I what the turn into movie ... and the fact that they make this writer put it off for a bit ? seriously ? I can write better crap than this in my sleep . <br /> <br /> ok , so how many line to I have to type ? I do not get this at all . I guess I `` m a newbie . I guess I do not understand why there should ever be a limit to what anyone have to say ... or a quota ? seriously , I do not care if you have a one word sentence ... or even a one word response . I mean , c'mon ? <br /> <br /> thanks ... be this enough , finally ? <br /> <br /> this movie be worthless .
a must see film with great dialogue , great music , great acting and a superb atmosphere . <br /> <br /> in the film you will follow 8 people for one day in the city of antwerp , they be all individual and sometimes plain weird -lrb- that be how I love they ! -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I be not go to say anything else , just go see and enjoy it .
typically terrible trash from director Fred Olen Ray about a female cyborg hunter -lrb- Teagan -rrb- commission by Warden Jan-Michael Vincent to find and execute escape alien convict Ross Hagen who have chart course for earth . soon Forest Ranger John Phillip Law will have to protect a group of obnoxiously hammy college kid head by the grate Richard Wiley who run over Hagen with he rv on a camping trip go awry . soon the cyborg will be blast away with she arm laser burn one innocent alcoholic doctor -lrb- Robert Quarry of Count Yorga-Vampire fame -rrb- prove that no one will stand in it be way of retrieve the hide of the convict , whose collar be a tracking device that weaken he body . law find a ally in Leo Gordon , a old Vietnam war vet with way too weapon stash in he cabin . <br /> <br /> perhaps intentionally make awful , this feature what fan of `` rancid cinema '' yearn for . . dreadful special effect , act , and premise . at least , the film have PJ Soles for some eye candy . . even in ' 89 , she be quite smokin ' . that laser gun sure be funny . . it can incinerate some house yet when the cyborg shoot at law it barely leave a mark on the location fire .
I first rent this film many year ago , and be completely enthral by it . just recently , feel a strange need to revisit some of the way-too-few film that I have immensely enjoy in my lifetime , I decide to give `` Erendira '' another look . and I be glad I do , as I soon discover that even the passage of time have not in the least dull the shine of this film . <br /> <br /> the story be about a teenaged girl -lrb- Erendira , play remarkably by Claudia O'hana - in some respects she resemble Winona Ryder ! -rrb- who accidentally burn down she grandmother 's mansion after which the grandmother , play downright hypnotically by Irene Papas , force the girl into a life of prostitution on the road to repay the damages . <br /> <br /> the viewing be at once fascinating and compelling - though , inspite of the basic premise , which deal with prostitution , be tastefully void of gratuitous steamy sexual content . the story revolve more around the interaction between the girl and she grandmother , and the various other colorful character with whom they come into contact on they sojourn - which , by the way , be in the rough and tumble part of rural Mexico . <br /> <br /> the film be very atmospheric , arrestingly enigmatic with a decide dreamlike quality . it sometimes border on the bizarre , but not to the point of , say , a David Lynch film . it be also worth mention that the film be very allegorical in nature , read the comment from previous viewer below ... <br /> <br /> often in the background you hear the sound of a lone accordion , quiet and melancholy , add just the right musical accent to highlight the mexican setting . the cinematography of the rural place , many of which be in the desert , be quite superb . <br /> <br /> the film move at a nice pace , neither too fast nor too slow , and after every scene I feel I have to rewind the tape and play it over again , just because it make you want to do that . for I anyway , it really be that compelling . <br /> <br /> hopefully you will see the film in its spanish language version , with subtitle . I study spanish in high school as well as in college , and I be happy to be able to understand much of the dialogue . por ejemplo : `` El mundo no e tan grande como pensaba . '' -lrb- `` The world 's not as big as I think '' - i.e. , it be a small world . -rrb- <br /> <br /> this film somehow remind I of stumble upon a dusty old bottle of vintage wine , which , upon drinking , be immensely satisfying , however , you be leave with some sadness upon realize that there be not more bottle just like this one .
Keanu Reeves star as a friend of a popular high school student who suddenly commit suicide ... he and he friend go through emotional turmoil and share they reaction to this horrible incident ... good act by Reeves and a young Jennifer Rubin . . but on the whole be a little too much . . 4 of 10
I hate to even waste the time it take to write 10 line on this atrocity . Hyung-Rae Shim be lucky that bad film-making be not a capital crime or he would be put to death twice for write and direct this disaster . I be amaze that this film have a $ 75m budget , but actually glad in the sense that it be such a tremendous flop , that Shim will hopefully , never get to make another movie the rest of the life and , therefore , not waste any more of filmgoer time . I would think the actor would have get together and lynch he by now . <br /> <br /> with the effect resource available to they , a great film could have be make with this budget . as usual , the failure should have be spot at the very begin with the terrible script and story . `` Transformers '' be another visual feast with a weak script , but this make it look like `` Citizen Kane '' .
this movie be a bad memory from my childhood . this be one of those movie that they show kid on a rainy day at school when you can not go out for recess , and you would rather be watch anything , anything else . at least that be what it be like when I be in elementary school . I just remember hate this movie . grant , I have not see it in 15 year or so , and they probably do not use it on rainy day anymore but I just want to warn everyone : you would be better off use this to put you kid to sleep than entertain they . Trust I , pick anything else . even though the topic be kind of controversial , the plot be so tame and slow that I can not remember anything about it except that I dislike it so strongly that here , 15 year later , I feel the need to warn all of you against it .
Level one , Horror . <br /> <br /> when I see this film for the first time at 10 , I know it would give I nightmare . it do . surprisingly , as I recall , it be the sound as much as the sight of the monster that cause they . <br /> <br /> level two , psychoanalytic Theory . <br /> <br /> later as a adult , I see the story for what it be : what if the savage , unrestrained instinct we all repress become manifest . <br /> <br /> level three , Pure Science fiction . <br /> <br /> the best way plausibly to realize the plot 's `` what if '' be through the science fiction genre . this be pure science fiction , not the `` cowboy in space '' that pass for the genre today . <br /> <br /> after 43 year , Forbidden planet remain the greatest of all science fiction film . if plan a remake , skg or Lucas , Watch out !
the third , and final installment of `` Hanzo the Razor '' be the most concrete of they all . the `` training '' even get complete within the first five minute of the film . not for everyone , this film detail Hanzo 's investigation of loan shark be perform by a order of blind monk . it also make a historical comment on the prideful refusal of old Japan to incorporate western technology . where the first Hanzo film be just a funny and gory ride with little connection to it be plot , `` Hanzo 3 : who be Got the Gold '' manage to connect everything , and bring it all home in the end . definitely the perfect finale . oh yeah , Hanzo still have a lot of sex , and there be a lot of needless blood and violence -lrb- it * be * Hanzo the razor after all -rrb- .
there have be many film and tv production of Jane Eyre each with aspect to recommend they , but I suspect this be the one that people will still be discover and fall in love with decade from now . it be just a classic -lrb- and offer much more of the story than other do -rrb- . Timothy Dalton be utterly in he element as Rochester , rarely miss the mark ; he performance be astonishingly nimble and many-colored , while never stray too far from the dark complexity of the character . Zelah Clarke 's Jane be more cerebral than otherworldly , but she make a perfect foil for dalton -lrb- who , appropriately , tower over she ! -rrb- the nuance of she performance come through better on a second viewing -lrb- once you have absorb the shock of Dalton 's charisma -rrb- . there be some technical fault and a couple of moment where the production value could have be better ; though this pretty much be a top-of-the-line production by the BBC 's standard of that time . but , it be the performance that be the real pleasure . do not miss this one !
this be a rather tame fluff piece concern WW II code be break , steal , etc. . the acting be about what I expect from this cast of MGM `` b '' actor . <br /> <br /> one big caution . Jean Rogers , who do such a great job play the very sexy Dale Arden in the first two Flash Gordon serial be just awful in this movie . she character be extremely annoying . she absolutely never lets-up with she overacting . we be suppose to believe that during the height of a World War in what would obviously be a top secret code facility , she would be allow to just pop in and out of any office of she choosing although she have no official function . from that standpoint I be sorry that I ever watch this film . it have forever change my perception of Ms. Rogers . Talentwise , she be a extreme lightweight . <br /> <br /> Lee Bowman be he usual self , mean that he be merely adequate . <br /> <br />
I , myself be a kid at heart , mean I love watch cartoon , still do ! I remember watch bug Bunny when I be a kid , he be my favourite still be . I think man , this be a great `` new '' show on tv , and than my dad say , `` Bugs Bunny , I remember watch he when I be younger '' and I be like , `` Dad , Bugs do not exist when you be younger '' . so I guess he be definitely please more than one generation , possibly 3 . I love the show it be great for kid and adult , ok , everybody . it be very funny , I and my husband , both in we 20s , love watch the show , and we do not mind the re-run either . this show bring back a lot of memory , happy one . I love the Christmas special too with Tweety as Tiny Tim , it be cute . I can not pick my favourite looney toon character , because they have change over the year . when I be little it be bug of course , and Porky Pig . Pepe be cool , I always love he . actually , I have to say there all my favourite . I be give this show a 10 out of 10 , because it be a great show for all age , very funny , voice acting be incredible , the only flaw be that unfortunately it come to a end , 2 decade ago , but the re-run be great !
this movie have potential , but what make it really bad be Lindsay Crouse 's acting . I have never see she before in anything else and maybe there be some crouse fan out there that like she in something else , but she performance in this movie be bad . <br /> <br /> she delivery be robotic . when she deliver she line it appear that she be try to make sure she have the line right and be simply read off the list in she head . so , she voice have very little inflection . I can not believe someone that bad at act be give a lead role in a movie . she have to know somebody in the biz . <br /> <br /> now I hate to be this mean about she , but the comment have to be `` this '' long and she performance be what stick out more than anything else . <br /> <br /> however , I like where the story be go so I continue to watch it . the first part of the script have the makings of a good movie . but the end be disappointing as well . maybe if she acting have be better , I would have like it .
I miss the first 10 or so minute of the movie but do not think watch it from the beginning would have make any difference . I find the film extremely boring and be disappoint with the acting . I remember Patrick Swayze and some of the other actor -lrb- Roy Marsden , for instance -rrb- in outstanding role but they all disappoint here due to a very weak script . `` Kind Solomon 's Mines '' ... the very short part of the movie inside the `` mine '' be about as exciting as watch paint dry and I doubt that even a pre-school kid would have be spell-bound by watch the fight of the `` warrior '' . the entire movie be reminiscent of a cheaply produce american tv series . give I Indiana Jones any day !
needless remake , and it can not come close to capture the charm of the original . the extreme length cause more than a few yawn induce part . this version be ridiculously politically correct . the film lack style , and mostly it lack talent , not just with the acting , but the direction , set , costume etc. be all below par . it have a blatant disregard for period detail . Vanessa Williams be the only cast member that show any flair , Tyne Daly be not too bad . they should have leave well enough alone . the singing range good -lrb- Vanessa Williams -rrb- to poor -lrb- everyone else -rrb- . watch the original 1963 version and skip this one . there be not much here to recommend .
I and my girlfriend go to see this movie as a `` Premiere Surprise '' that be we buy at ticket to the preview to a movie before it open here in Denmark . we sit through the 1st hour or so and then we leave ! the point of the movie seem to be simply to portray the era -lrb- and club 54 -rrb- , but it do so at the expence of character development , of which there be none , and plot of which there be little . <br /> <br /> seldom have I be so indifferent to the character in a movie ! <br /> <br /> the music be good though . so if you like to hear some good music and get a fix of that 70ie mood I guess it be ok . but do not expect to get a plot of believable character . <br /> <br />
when we be in junior high school , some of we boy would occasionally set off stinkbomb . it be consider funny then . but the producer , director and cast of `` Semana Santa '' -lrb- `` Angel of Death '' in the dvd section of you local video rental -rrb- be adult and they be still set they off . <br /> <br /> like the previous reviewer who wonder if the cast be anxious to get off the set and home , I doubt more than one take be do for any of the scene . <br /> <br /> Mira Sorvino , hot in `` Mighty Aphrodite '' and other top-rated film , seem to have undersell herself to this project . she acting be non-existent , confine mostly to wistful stare that be suppose to indicate how `` sensitive '' she be to the plight of the film 's various victim . <br /> <br /> but let I warn you -- do not be the next victim ! step away from the dvd if you find it on the shelf . Tbere be not many good leg shot of Mira -lrb- the only high point I could find in the film -rrb- and the support cast be of inferior quality , deliver a mishmash of badly-done dialogue with embarrassing `` spanish '' accent worthy of the best high school theatrical production .
the final chapter in the Hanzo the Razor trilogy provide fitting closure for this entertaining series of samuraisploitation . Inoue replace Yasuzu Masumura -lrb- Blind beast , Red Angel , Manji -rrb- in the director 's chair , but the style be pretty much the same , perhaps due to Shintaro Katsu serve as the producer , apart from the titular antihero . <br /> <br /> Hanzo uncover a female ghost who be guard treasure hide in the bottom of the lake . of course , Hanzo be Hanzo , he be not put off by the fact she be a ghost , so he proceed to rape ... ahem , interrogate she , use the now familiar revolving net device . the plot take through a series of blind monk who also doubletime as loanshark , corrupt official , promiscuous wife and the necessary hack and slash . Hanzo 's superior officer , Onishi , and he two servant , provide the typical comedic note , and generally , it be business as usual . <br /> <br /> significantly less convoluted and easier to follow than the first -lrb- which be all over the place and a bit of a mess -rrb- , less stylish , dramatic and bloody than the second -lrb- arguably the finest in the Hanzo series -rrb- , but still entertaining and worthwhile on its own merit . complete with trademark training sequence , the obligatory rape , swordfight , and a mystery Hanzo be call upon to investigate , this will ultimately satisfy the fan .
have watch this movie on the SciFi channel , I can only conclude that this film be make by a bunch of amateur who have never see a movie in they life . the film be a endless sequence of bizarre occurrence , or `` delight '' as the friend reading over my shoulder be tell I . the plot be not really worth comment as , but basically a plane carry football player crash into Yeti territory . before the movie be over , we be treat to yeti rip heart out , yeti waddle in a effort to run before jump 50 meter , yeti rip a man 's leg off and beat he with they , a woman kill a rabbit at 30 meter with a javelin , a yeti survive several bullet and be set on fire with no apparent harm , a yeti dangle off a cliff by hold to a man 's shoe , yet then jump off , and a whole collection of further , bizarre occurrence . basically , if you be not stay up on a Saturday for the express purpose of watch the worst of SciFi channel original movie , avoid this film like the plague . or as my friend reading over my shoulder say : `` it be the best movie I have ever see . '' to which the friend on my right say : `` only battle techno music could have make it better . ''
I admit create great expectation before watch because some friend mention it -lrb- and they be not perv ! -rrb- as a must see . and it be a must see ! just do not expect to see something outbreaking . <br /> <br /> the freudian psychoanalyze be interesting in many part of the film , but there be just too much perversion and it do not stick in the end . <br /> <br /> some of the good thing be the analyze of Kieslowski 's Blue , most of David Lynch 's , some of Hitchcock 's and perhaps a couple more I miss -lrb- I just remember ... Dogville -rrb- , and I usually do not miss thing unless they be too obvious or loose in the air . <br /> <br /> other than be repetitive , which make it too long , the documentary be enjoyable in the sense of notice some perversion feed by we unconscious , hence the commercial success of most thriller study and use as basis for this theory . <br /> <br /> I really enjoy the energetic tone of the narration and the effort of Mr. Zizek to revive Freud 's theory , which have be numb for too long , specially in north America . again , it be way over the top and I believe not to be a completely waste of time for I do believe most human have a dark appreciation for death and blood .
my original review of this film be simply the word sh * t write 2000 time over . although this be a very accurate critique , I feel my review should be a little more descriptive . <br /> <br /> I will start with the lead actress ; she facial expression do not change once in this film , she do not show fear , happiness or depression . she skill in body language pretty much come down to dart she eye leave and right and look like she do not know jack . she be a emotionless husk who I be guess have have too much botox . she lack of facial expression through out the film be outmatch however by the deplorable love affair with the lead actor which seem to spring out of nowhere and have they make out on a beach and fall in love within a couple of hour of meet one another . the lead actor , whose hair demand more attention than he do , be mediocre at best and do not once make I feel like he be genuinely in peril . <br /> <br /> the only thing that top the hideous acting be the directing , storyline and inaccuracy in plot . I have see tampon ad with more structure than this movie . the be no development in character , they just seem to say and do thing that I could never believe a real person would . <br /> <br /> this film would not have be bad if it be try to be crap on purpose like snake on a plane but it be try so hard to be a serious action flick that I could not even laugh . I believe I now have a brain tumour from watch this film and think up all the different way I could have use that budget and cg team to create something far superior . if I buy this on dvd I would smash the dvd to piece , burn it then dissolve it in hydrochloric acid for good measure . do not watch this film !
I rent this movie from the library -lrb- it be hard to find for good reason -rrb- purely out of curiosity . I be a huge Plath fan and this movie be a complete disappointment . the Bell Jar -lrb- 1979 -rrb- be by far one of the worst movie I have ever see . the script be horrible , not because it stray from the original novel text , but because it stray without focus or intent . the scene be ill-constructed and do not lead the viewer anywhere . what be with the hokey voice over of Plath 's poetry ? Lady Lazarus have little do with Greenwood 's situation ; Plath 's poetry be completely misuse . Marilyn Hassett be completely unbelievable as Esther Greenwood -lrb- or any 20 year old for that matter -rrb- partly due to casting -lrb- she be 32 during film , the age Plath be when she die -rrb- and partly due to the fact that she can not act . Hassett be all emotion , no craft , no skill . the direction be mediocre ; the director simply cover what be there , which be not much . the only reason I be give the film a 1 be because 0 be not a option . sorry Sylvia , you 'll have to wait for someone else to adapt you fine work into something more fitting .
what I find so curious about this film -- I see the full 4 hour roadshow version , be how oddly dispassionate it be . for a film about 2 very charismatic man -- Castro and Che , engage in a gargantuan political struggle , it be almost totally devoid of emotional fire . the scene between Benicio Del Toro and Demian Bichir -lrb- who be at best a second level actor , with a slightly high pitched voice -rrb- have no drama or depth and basically come down to Castro tell Che : go here , go there , do this and that , with no explanation as to what effect or use this action will result in . odder still be there be a actor in the cast who have the requisite power to play Castro -- Joaquim de Almeida , but he be shunt aside in a minor part in the second half . without the tension or passion that you would expect to fire these man and they follower , the film become a dullish epic-length film about hairy , bearded man run through various jungle shout and shoot to no particular purpose or end . several of the review I have read shower praise on the work of director Steven Soderbergh while ignore the actor almost completely . -lrb- one in fact spend more time talk about Soderbergh 's new digital film camera than the plot or actor or the fact that it be entirely in spanish with english subtitle . -rrb- this be a odd , odd thing to do since a -rrb- Soderbergh be only a hire gun on the film and b -rrb- it be no more than a competent job of work , with a unremarked upon nod to Oliver Stone 's JFK in the black and white cut up camera-work when Che visit New York . if you can imagine red direct by Andrew McLaglen instead of Warren Beatty , you would get a idea of the dull competency of this movie .
I have to admit that I stick this one out think something would have to happen , besides the dead body in the first scene ... and she disposal of he . I be wrong . it be a cinema verite of Betty hit the Beach encase for the first part by Mordant Morven . I really do not care what young lassie from Scotland do these day , who thy screw , what drug they take . visually , the stroll through the Cabo de Gata in Andalucia be pleasant and surely the high point for I . the nadir be the chop shop for she dead boyfriend . as the movie come to a close I have two thought ... 1 . that be all there be ? 2 . now I see why she boyfriend kill himself . rename it . `` bare Bitch Boredom , or what I do on my trip to Spain . '' I be such a sucker for stick these thing out .
in where the Sidewalk Ends , Otto Preminger reunite Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney , surely in hope of recapture the magic of he Laura . but they be wildly dissimilar film , set in different stratum of New York -lrb- not to mention at opposite pole of the noir universe -rrb- . a fine mist of the gothic hover over the upscale Manhattan of Laura , with its erotic obsession and faint whiff of necrophilia ; where the Sidewalk Ends be pure urban soot and grit befoul a town of basement apartment , steam room and parking garage . <br /> <br /> but it be every bit as fine a movie as its revered forerunner , and dyed-in-the-wool noir -lrb- Laura , by contrast , one of the clutch of film from 1944 which the french first dub ` noir , ' be still very much a sophisticated murder mystery -rrb- . Daylight enter only on very temporary sufferance , and director of photography Joseph LaShelle make the most of the alley and brownstone , the dock and the El . this be quintessential big-city - specifically big Apple - noir , like several other from the bumper crop of 1950 , like Side Street and sleep City and the Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom . <br /> <br /> as the movie open , police detective Dana Andrews be on the carpet for he brutal way , particularly he vendetta towards crime boss Gary Merrill -lrb- whom we learn be set up in business by Andrews ' ne'er - do-well father -rrb- . when a out-of-towner be stab to death at a float crap game operate by Merrill , the hair-trigger Andrews rough up a witness , cause he a fatal crack to the skull -lrb- exacerbate by a steel plate install in the veteran 's head -rrb- . realize that he job 's already on the line , Andrews dump the body in the river after make it look like the suspect have take a powder . <br /> <br /> of course , that be far from a end to it . the corpse be discover , he estrange wife turn out to be Tierney , and all the evidence start to turn toward she father -lrb- Tom Tully -rrb- , a hack driver who happen not only to have be cruise the same mean street the night of the murder but to have ample reason to want he abusive son-in-law dead . but the embittered loner Andrews find in Tierney a summons to he better nature ; he try to exonerate she father while still keep he own involvement in the whole sordid business a secret ... <br /> <br /> not so epigrammatic as Laura , the script for where the Sidewalk end -lrb- by Ben Hecht -rrb- show a pungency of its own -lrb- in a second dressing-down , he superior tell Andrews , ` look at you - all bung up like a barrelhouse fag ' -rrb- . <br /> <br /> but while Laura spread its attention over half a dozen character , here Andrews be all but the sole focus -lrb- even Tierney 's role be far less central than she half-spectral Laura -rrb- . and Andrews may never have excel he performance here . it be tight-lipped and taciturn , but never more eloquent than when he face be silently register the anguish to which he own obstinacy have bring he . he be a pent-up sufferer who can find release only through the safety-valve of violence -lrb- he even lash out against he loyal partner , Bert Freed -rrb- . to be sure , he find too swift a road to redemption though the agency of he beautiful co-star . but that be the style of the time , and a sweetened-up end do little to undermine this New York story of violence , corruption and urban entanglement .
`` the Godfather '' , `` Citizen Kane '' , `` Star Wars '' , `` Goodfellas '' none of the above compare to the complex brilliance of `` the Sopranos '' . each and every character have layer upon layer of absolute verity , completely and utterly three dimensional . we care about Tony Soprano wholeheartedly , despite the fact that in the simplest model of good vs. evil , he be evil . soprano be the most provocative , intricate , and fascinating protagonist ever create to this point in history . if you be in the mood to be overtly challenge as a viewer , and to be forever alter on you feeling toward entertainment , watch `` the Sopranos '' . I defy anybody to sit down and watch the very first episode of season 1 , and not want to continue with the series . each season be completely brilliant in its own way . dvd be essential to anybody 's collection **** of out 4
Dumbland be not for all . in fact dumbland maybe in for nobody except Lynch and that be what make it funny and a collective cartoon . violent ? yes . Profanity ? yes . Absurd ? yes . a piece of garbage ? never . Dumbland be a wonderful picture of some american that do not have brain and hit wife and kid for fun . from México I can say I love it ! my favorite episode be : 1 - my teeth be bleed , all the noise around and violence make I wan na scream and put I behind my bed . 2 - get the stick ! yeah baby get it and learn a lesson : some people never be thankful for you action . 3 - ant . the more Lynch episode of all , music , surrealism and a very sweet revenge ...
I admit that the majority of this film be uninspired , but i be still entertain . it have a wonderful sense of frenetic energy , above average music , and the woman in the film fiercely defend themselves , there be no prissy here . I can think of dozen of other film that be way worse , at least this one have a intriguing plotline along with some social commentary.they allude to how the military deal with viral epidemic , destroy everything in sight , even if it mean the people you be suppose to be saving.also , how dangerous martial law can be since at that point democracy cease to exist . Fulci seem to attempt to combine he earlier work -lrb- zombie , beyond , gate of hell -rrb- in a effort to somehow improve on them.he fail , but definitely not miserably , like a number of people would have you think.I have a soft spot for zombie film , so i admit that i be somewhat bias when it come to review them.all i be say be that this movie be good for one time around , if there be not so much descension in the making of this film -lrb- fulcus quit and bruno -lrb- i can hack with the best of they -rrb- mattei take over -rrb- it could have be much better and more focused.it 's go to stay in my collection as fulcus 's zombie swan song.one surprising note , be that there be a scene in zombie 3 that cemetery man actually rip off , i could not believe it myself , check it out you 'll be surprise .
if ever anyone query whether cinema be a art form , you can do worse than point they at this movie . <br /> <br /> quite simply it be the perfect combination of story , script , actor and cinematography ever commit to celluloid . <br /> <br /> the story of a doomed bomber pilot who be miss by he heavenly conductor in the English fog during the second world war , and he subsequent brush with the celestial authority -lrb- or be it in he head -rrb- be play with panache by David Niven and Kim Hunter and be incredibly touching - especially in the opening scene when the doomed pilot -lrb- niven -rrb- describe he plight to the ground radio operator -lrb- Hunter -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the sense of otherworldliness be heighten by Jack Cardiff 's photography and the incredible production design . <br /> <br /> the supreme touch extend to the heaven shot appear in black and white and earthbound scene present in Technicolour - this be even mention by the celestial conductor -lrb- a fantastic Marius Goring -rrb- . <br /> <br /> not only a highpoint in british cinema , but a highpoint in cinema , period .
this movie have to be the worst horror movie I have ever see . the acting be terrible , horrible and cheesy and talk about a predictable plot ! I will never watch this movie again nor will I recommend this movie to anyone . what a waste of time ! first , as soon as the movie begin I realize what I get myself into . all they do for this movie be copy scene from many other horror movie out there and bunch they all into this one movie . the prank phone call , halloween night , a psycho , and one knife ! its absolutely ridiculous . I be not scare at all during the movie , which I think horror movie be suppose to do . as for the making of the movie , its pretty hilarious how they all talk about how this movie be so great and so scary . I mean how do you not realize that the movie be a cheap rip off of `` scary movie '' for example . at least get some good actor in there and then maybe it would have be pull off as a good horror movie .
I believe I receive this film when I be a young buck . I remember watch it as a child , but i could never find the film . I remember good ol Rageddy Ann , Andy , Babette , the Greedy , King Koo Koo . I search high and low for this movie and still no luck . but one day when I be move out of my childhood home I have find it . we be reunite . I be 17 year old now . I still watch it . all the time actually . it be one of the funniest and touch movie I have ever see and enjoy at the same time . and personally I think they should make a sequel . Mmm , yes a sequel indeed . now i be even consider get the captain bird tattoo somewhere on my body !
this be a big disappointment for I . I think this be the worst mastroianni-movie ever make . Cosmatos try too hard to make this movie a masterpiece and that make this movie a typical `` art '' - movie . I give 4/10 for this movie .
what can I say ? I be a secret fan of ` over the top ' action and horror film . especially when it come with a lot of lot of humour and innuendo , but I be not a fan of Snake on a plane . <br /> <br /> there be three potential draw to this film : the comedy of the situation ; the horror ; and the novelty of hundred of snake be of a plane . <br /> <br /> firstly , this film be not write as a tongue-in-cheek horror or a comedy , and there be only 1 or 2 point in the film where you 'll smile to yourself . if you want to get the feel of the film , the trailer genuinely represent the movie , a horror . <br /> <br /> secondly , if you be expect a film full of action and shock , you will not be disappoint . it do not stand out above other movie , but it always keep you attention . <br /> <br /> thirdly , although the novelty of snake of a plane do not wear off , but you 'll leave the cinema think `` what be all the fuss about '' . <br /> <br /> I know this movie have a high rating , but it do not add up . a -rrb- many of the review where write before the film be release and , b -rrb- the breakdown of user rating have a lot less variation than normal 77 % of people rate the movie 10/10 , with only 7 % of people give it 9/10 - why such a enormous gap ?
I read nothing but good thing about this movie and finally have a chance to watch it late last night and it be everything I expect it to be and more.This be the way a proper horror movie should be.i think the reason it be so scary be because it be so realistic . the spooky sound score be perfect for set a dark mood.i like the dramatic opening scene and enjoy how the rest of the movie play out.it be very easy to follow and understand unlike some movie which be way too complicated.the special effect be very good.i would love to see more horror movie like this one.this be easily one of my favorite 's . a realistic thunder and lightning storm would have set a nice atmosphere for this movie.other then that it have all the element a good horror movie needs.i highly recommend this movie to anyone who can appreciate a good scary movie that pull no punches.i will be add it to my collection.the dvd have some interesting special feature .
as a fan of Paris Je'Taime , I go to see New York , I Love you with very high expectation . I gladly walk out with all my expectation meet . it be funny , sweet , fast-paced , and entertaining . the film start out with two cab hopper -lrb- Bradley Cooper & Justin Bartha -rrb- try to get to the same area but argue which way to go . that be funny , and then the film go into some of the best skit I have ever see anywhere . there be four amazing one out of all the good one . those four I will start talk about . one feature shia labeouf as a bellhop at a hotel who find love in a old lady . the next one feature Orlando Bloom as a music maker who be do business with a woman play by Christina Ricci . another one feature Anton Yelchin and Olivia thirbly as two people go to prom , Thirbly 's character be handicap . the best one feature Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as a bicker old couple . I will bring to you attention that Nataile Portman make a impressive directorial debut directing , and write a skit about a caretaker , and Ethan Hawke and Maggie Q be excellent as a flirt man and a hooker . New York , I Love you be definitely as good , if not better than the 2006 Paris Je'Taime . the skit be well-paced , and the film show how indie film should really be . the film , however , do not have as many famous director as Paris Je'Taime , which be why it be fantastic to live up to its excellence . if you want to laugh , see some great dramatic effect , see a amazing amount of great performance , and just plain be entertain then definitely go see New York , I Love you .
Tony Hawk Underground come at a point where the series be really start to lose its luster , Tony Hawk pro Skater 4 do not live up to expectation and leave the series really up in the air on what Neversoft and Activision could do with the series that would be different and interesting . <br /> <br /> underground introduce the storymode , which be very cool because it make a whole new world for Tony Hawk pro Skater fan . another feature introduce which fan pretty much argue for and that be be able to get off the skateboard , which be nice because now you can actually climb , run , and do all sort of new thing . <br /> <br /> the level be good , Neversoft also improve on a issue that start with pro skater 3 and that be the length of the level design . the first two game for the ps1 , n64 and dreamcast be great because the level be nice and long and some hidden feature in some . pro skater 3 and 4 be shorten because of a handful of feature that be add and really push the system too they limit . in this version , they shorten those feature , there be not as many people wonder the street , in fact there be almost none in some level , and the graphic and the skating physics be tone down a little but not a lot . <br /> <br /> this game do have one con , the storymode be a little short , of course this be Neversofts first time do this with Tony Hawk pro Skater , so that be understandable . however , with that be say you will definitely finish this game within a day . <br /> <br /> overall , a great addition that be very refreshing .
Rock n ' roll be a messy business and dig ! demonstrate this masterfully . a project of serious ambition , and perhaps foolhardiness , the filmmaker be able to mend together seven tumultuous year of follow around two unwieldy rock group . with that say , the abundance of quality material ensure the film 's ability to captivate the audience . if you have ever be interested in any realm of the music industry , this movie will undoubtedly be a arrest viewing . the music in the film , although it suffer minimally from requisite cutting and pasting , be worth the price of admission alone . the morning after i see dig ! i go straight to the record store to pick up a Brian Jonestown Massacre album -lrb- i be already initiate to the Dandy warhol ' sound -rrb- . primarily define by its exploration of rock music , the film succeed at other profound level . dig ! be a sincere , and sufficiently objective , glance into the destructive and volatile nature of the creative process and the people that try to wrangle those force .
the cult movie for every true russian intellectual . everything be brilliant , especially act : it be beyond any praise . the movie , as the book , be full of symbol : my favorite one be the brightest symbol of razrukha -lrb- colloquial russian word for `` devastation '' , often signify the period of lifestyle chaos after the 1918-20 Civil War -rrb- -- the wide-opened dirty door in the bricky wall squeak in the snowy wind and the pitch-black hole of the doorway behind it . <br /> <br /> now the film be release on dvd with fully restore image and the 5.1 sound , there be well-translated english subtitle too , though some obscene word of Sharikov be replace by the more mild version in the translation . I do not know be that dvd available abroad but if you 'll find it grab it immediately , it be really worthy of watch . <br /> <br /> and , in conclusion , a fact : about the 50 % of Russians today , mostly youth , can be identify as Sharikovs in a considerable degree . it be the post-soviet effect : soviet people appear to be wholly unprepared for the informational attack of the western civilization , tv-producer and movie maker have make the entertainment industry and the mass media amazingly aggressive , soulless and thoughtless so that it abet the darkest instinct of every russian . even among the internet user every third one use the obscene language in forum and chat because it be amazingly common in colloquial speech .
man of honor have many great aspect to it . good action sequence , plenty of `` feel good '' scene , a good musical score , but the part that really make the movie be the great acting . mostly by Robert Deniro . the story of man of honor be focus about Carl Brashear play by Cuba Gooding Jr. who want to be the first african american deep sea diver in the navy . it chronicle he rough struggle from be a poor farmer to get into diving school and even further . it be a good story , but it seem like it have be do many time before . a person , against all of the odds , will not give up until they accomplish they goal that they set for some sentimental reason many year ago . it could happen , but a lot of the struggle the Brashear face in the movie be questionable include the C.O. of the diving school tamper with he final test . however , all of that be make up for the scene when Robert Deniro finally enter the movie . Deniro play Mater Chief Sunday who be the teacher at the diving school Brashear be attend . as soon as Deniro come in he omit this vibe of extreme arrogance that you can not hate unless you have incredible wilpower . before the movie end , Deniro give off multiple speech that would have you laugh at how cool he be but you be too stunned at the way he punch they out . in the end you must doubt some of the aspect of the film , but admit it , if it be all the truth , it would have you snooze it you seat by the first twenty minute .
not on the same level as ring -lrb- or ring 2 -rrb- but still a good japanese horror flick nonetheless . I wish north american horror producer would take a page out of the japanese horror template and put more ` spookiness ' and less cheap shock in they flick . lot of good example in this one , scene where a white out face be scene stare behind a young actress , photograph on a wall be suddenly glimpse smile , just for a second , and more . Worth check out if you like the genre .
okay , truthfully , I see the preview for this movie and think to myself , what be the producer think ? Hutton , Jolie , and DUCHOVNY ? how could the monotoned actor possibly compete with Jolie 's natural power on the screen ? but surprisingly , the two have the kind of chemistry that show intense caring without a kiss . even David 's humor match up to Jolie 's spark and fire . as for Hutton , he play the psycho very well , contrast with David 's calm delivery of life threatening situation . overall , I be very impressed with the writing and character development . I give it 8 star .
ever wonder why Pacific Islanders seem to automatically assume the sense of humour of black Americans ? regardless of they ethnic origin ? well this film will not provide any answer to this often pondered question - but it will provide a excellent case study . <br /> <br /> from its onset this film act as a sort of `` Old School '' for Pacific Island New Zealanders , which immediately raise the question what exactly be the point of such a task . be it mean to perpetuate ingrained stereotype of Pacific Island New Zealanders ? or be it intend to exploit this potential market ? the story be weak , joke humorless , and the end be expect . this film have do nothing for New Zealand cinema , as it be merely a appropriate romantic comedy that be devoid of any merit .
by no means be this movie as bad as ` Perfect Stranger ' , but it just be not funny . it could not stick to one type of comedy - it jump from SNL , to Adam Sandler-esquire , to romantic , to little guy score big , to slapstick , to ` loser ' -lrb- the movie -rrb- type of comedy . although there be some pretty funny slapstick moment -lrb- the fall down the hill -rrb- , no one be very particularly funny or outstanding in any way . ` Schindler 's list ' be funnier -lrb- and feel shorter -rrb- . you never know if Andy Samberg be suppose to be in high school , a college dropout , or just a loser living at home with he mother - Sissy Spacek , in she worst choice of role . and poor Ian McShane , the serious actor if I only have to name one , be give crap to read into the camera . the story drag and be completely predictable up to and include the end -lrb- no spoiler here in case Adam Samberg 's mom want to see it -rrb- . do not spend ANY money go to see this movie , and maybe Lorne Michaels will get the hint and start produce quality -lrb- yes , Wayne 's World and Tommy Boy be quality -rrb- movie .
1st watch 5/17/2002 - 3 out of 10 -lrb- Dir-Ewald Andre Dupont -rrb- : fairly lame account of the Titanic disaster be the first film version of this much-heralded event . the replication of the disaster be not bad , but the drama around it be at some time silly , badly act and way-too soap opera-like . the story be very much the same as the most recent oscar-winning one except that we be show how the crew try to hide the actual disaster that be occur until almost too late . good for nostalgia purpose only and to get a feel for what James Cameron be compete against -lrb- barely ... -rrb- in he recreation .
easily one of the ten best movie of the 20th century . in Cold Blood be brilliant in the simplicity and realism of its storytelling , and absolutely riveting . <br /> <br /> Robert Blake walk away with the film . the story seem to be present almost entirely from Perry 's viewpoint , despite Dick be the leader and planner of the pair . the viewer will invariable perceive Dick as be more unstable , immature , and generally feel like Perry would not have be pull into this nightmare but for Dick and he need to be somebody and pull off a big score . <br /> <br /> base on a true story with particular attention to accuracy , in Cold Blood depict the story behind the brutal and senseless murder of a rural Kansas family one cold , windy night , because Dick have buy into a age-old rural myth about prosperous farmer have a safe full of cash in they home . as `` prosecutor '' -lrb- a character that be not give a name in the script -rrb- , play by Will Geer , so astutely point out , they life be buy for only $ 10 a head . Director Richard Brooks wisely choose not to share with we the gruesome detail of the murder until the end of the film , prior to this we only know it have happen and watch the life of Dick and Perry slowly unravel as they attempt to escape not only be apprehend by law enforcement , but also Perry 's own ever-escalating sense of impend doom . he repeatedly make remark , `` no one ever get away with a thing like that , '' and `` I can not help think we leave something behind that belong to we . '' Dick be neither mature nor moral enough to feel any compelling sense of guilt over they crime , only irritation at Perry 's . indeed , after they be catch , it be Dick who break first , and suddenly faint when finally confront with irrefutable proof that place the two man at the scene of the crime . I feel somewhat sorry for Perry from the very beginning of the film , and more-so as event progress , but I only loathe Dick . <br /> <br /> the genius of the film be the engaging manner in which the story be play . we do not for a moment think we be watch actor portray character , but that we be watch the actual participant and event as they occur . the story be unrelenting , taunt , the run time slightly in excess of two hour feel more like just a few minute . <br /> <br /> for those of you who be interested in such thing , I notice a couple of the `` Goofs '' list here on the IMDb page for in Cold Blood be incorrect or exaggerated . such as the `` reversed '' process shot , at the beginning of the film , as Dick and Perry be drive across the bridge into Kansas . to begin with , this be not even a process shot , the camera be actually position in the backseat and the image you see beyond the windshield of the car be real . a large cargo truck located to the left front of Dick 's Pontiac create the optical illusion that they be go backward because it be travel at a greater rate of speed , but closer examination will reveal that they be indeed go forward and it be a actual shot film from a move vehicle . <br /> <br /> as I previously state , this be one of the ten best work of 20th century cinema , not recommend for the very young due to some course language and imply and infer violence -lrb- no actual in you face gore as a modern film would resort to -rrb- , but a thoroughly excellent film .
when this be release , I think this be one of the most profane film ever make . however , thanks to Martin Scorcese and a few other filmmaker like he , there have be mainline film worse , language-wise , than this ... but this be a pretty brutal assault on one 's ear . hey , I can take a lot of it , but this get ridiculous . in the first six minute alone , I hear a half-dozen usage 's of the Lord 's name in vain plus a untold number of f-word . I wonder how many people walk out of the theater watch this in 1990 ? I could not have be the only one . <br /> <br /> not surprisingly , some of the feature actor include Jennifer Jason-Leigh , Burt Young , Jerry Orbach and Rikki Lake . since this film , Stephen Lang seem to have improve he image , at least play the Godly `` Stonewall '' Jackson in `` god and general . '' Lang 's role here be just the opposite : perhaps the worst trashy person in the film and a character who fall in love with a transvestite by the end of the film . <br /> <br /> depressing , gloomy , semi-pornographic , repulsive : these be just a few of the adjective people use - even some liberal critic - in describe this story , which be paint even worse in the novel . of course , some of the better-known critic , all extreme Libs , praise the movie . however , they be the only one . most critic be disgusted , as well almost all of the pay public . it be unbelievable that anyone could praise filth and garbage like this . <br /> <br /> Trust I on this : there be no good , likable character in this entire movie . this be a mean , sick film : one of the worst of the `` modern era . '' that be , unless you enjoy see child abuse , drug abuse , teen prostitute , on and on - two straight hour of nothing but atrocity and just plain evil people . no thanks .
what can be say about Mr. Moore ? he be the godfather of rap , he be the king of the z-level blaxploitation flick , and here , he be back as he most famous character , Dolemite ! can you dig it ? this movie be one whacked-out roller-coaster ride of politically incorrect humor , trippy kung-fu , nudity , cheese , violence , and a whole lot of other stuff you would never find in most modern movie -lrb- or any movie , really , haha ! -rrb- . the stand-up routine he give early on be not to be miss ! at any rate , d2 be definitely a entertaining way to waste a hour or so . Dolemite : `` he think he be bad and be not get no class ! I be gon ' rock this shotgun up he * beep * a ** ! ''
they have I from the first show . <br /> <br /> welcome to Trinity County . a sleepy little mayberry-like place with one slight difference . the sheriff be really Satan . there be the spoiler . not like you would not figure it out in 10 minute anyway . <br /> <br /> oh , but that be not all . it turn out that Satan have a son name Caleb . some people be try to keep he good , but it be a uphill battle . Sheriff Buck -lrb- Satan -rrb- know who Caleb be and like to spend time with he teach he the way of darkness . subtle . sneaky . he do not always come off as evil . most of the time he be a hero . everyone owe he a big favor , because he often set up a calamity and save they from it . so every time you think someone will finally take he down , one of he friend come out of nowhere to sabotage it . <br /> <br /> in one of my favorite episode , Lucas and Caleb be out in the wood in a cabin and some guy with gun decide to rob they . Lucas use it as a excuse to teach Caleb a lesson about evil . <br /> <br /> the robber -lrb- Ted -rrb- be hesitant to shoot they . Lucas tell Caleb that Ted have half a conscience . if he have no conscience , he would have shoot they by now . if he have a real conscience , he never would have become a criminal . so he start call he half-ted . it be pretty funny . he be taunt the criminal . and of course he stay 10 step ahead of Half-Ted at all time . and of course he be in complete control at all time . they actually have you favor Satan . <br /> <br /> very very excellent show . it be one of my favorite horror show of all time . Twilight Zone Night stalker Circle of fear american gothic supernatural <br /> <br /> that be good company .
I be embarrassed to say that I miss `` the mother '' when it be in theater . I see it this evening on dvd . I give it a 10 vote , one of the very few I have give here . this english independent be film with such great care and quality . it draw I in relentlessly . the story , low-keyed and purely human , be brutally honest and utterly absorb , thanks to the acting of Anne Reid , Daniel Craig and Cathryn Bradshaw . the cinematography be stunning . the score be hard-wired to the plot . the storyline be epic , brilliantly clothe by writer Hanif Kureishi in mundane life . this story address big issue with the subtlety of a impressionist painting . and some of those big issue be highly controversial , which probably explain the lack of award win , despite many nomination . it be simply one of my all-time favorite film .
<br /> <br /> get you brewsky out and enjoy this flawed action flick . Speakman 's considerable kempo skill -lrb- nice spin kick , decent with the stick - poor couch ! -rrb- be the only redeeming quality of a movie that just cry bad act . the plot be not half bad ; just execute pretty poorly . but if you be see this movie for anything other than martial art , you be miss the boat entirely . and for a movie that be suppose to take place in Koreatown , way way too few korean actor -lrb- even extra -rrb- .
to all of yall who think 1 . this be a boring telecast 2 . Halle berry and denzel Washington do not deserve they Oscars <br /> <br /> shut the f ** k up !! this be one of the best academy award show because 1 . it be a moment in history to have a black yes `` black actress '' win a academy award for best actress so many of we black sister have be ignore by the academy for many years.to be honest I have stop watch the academy award because of a lack of diversity in either the winner or nominees.to I it be nothing but a bunch of white people pat each other in the back.the academy have many chance to vote black actress that be brilliant in movie eg Alfre Woodard , Whoopi Goldberg , Diana Ross , Mary jean Babtise , but it do not 2 . Halle berry deserve that Oscar no competition the academy be under pressure to vote for she so long have deserving actress be ignore by the academy the majority of which be comprise of white voter yeah yeah Nicole kidman sing very prettily in muling rouge!but it be time black people be accommodate in these award shows.as for mr Washington the academy owe he big time after that unfair loss for malcomx.to all of you who think race be not a issue `` probably white people `` in the movie industry , well it be many of the most talented black actress around have either be reduce to stereo typical make by white people role of what they think be a black woman or be not existence `` Angela basset '' . I do not expect many of the white people to understand any of this because they never have to deal with any of it.come to think of it they be the one who be inflict it
I have notice over the year that when a rock star make he final album before he death , that album , if it be not he best , be usually prolific in some way and worthy of a listen at least . the album be usually good enough to cement a legacy . however , when it come to comedian , especially mainstream comic who star in they own vehicle , they final movie be usually God awful . John Belushi have `` neighbor '' , John candy have `` Wagon 's East '' , Chris Farley have `` almost Heroes '' , Phil Hartman have `` small soldier '' , and Rodney Dangerfield have this movie . <br /> <br /> `` back by midnight '' , although it may not have be Dangerfield 's very last film , be weak in every sense of the word . it wrap film in 2002 accord to this website , and it be safe to say that it would have stay on the shelf if Dangerfield be still alive . I have be a big fan of Dangerfield 's since I be in my early teens , and it pain I to see how rotten this film be . <br /> <br /> what amaze I the most be that a number of other talented people take part in a movie with a very weak premise to begin with . Dangerfield , a great comedian who usually play he comic persona on film , be a prison warden who house a close knit group of inmate . when the owner of the prison , Colonel-Tom-Parker-meets-Sam-Walton billionaire Eli Rockwood -lrb- Randy Quaid -rrb- , cut funding for the prison , the warden send a group of inmate to break out of prison , rob Rockwood 's eponymous convenience store of consumer goods , and break back into prison with the loot . by take what be in the convenience store , they be -lrb- I guess -rrb- take what they believe Rockwood owe they . <br /> <br /> with this flimsy premise , the movie sputter and stall frequently . on top of that , the joke that you think would be this movie 's salvation be not even close to funny , not even from Mr. No respect himself . that be incredibly disappointing too , because you would expect a movie with oscar-nominated -lrb- !!! -rrb- Randy Quaid , Kirstie Alley , Gilbert Gottfried , Ed Begley Jr. , Yeardley Smith , and other to be at least a little bit funny . instead , quaid play a character we have see before in countless other comedy , Alley play a british heiress with a awful british accent -lrb- could this movie not afford a actual british person !?! -rrb- , and every joke be poorly set up and poorly time by virtually every member of this ensemble . it be just not a good comedy in any sense of the word . <br /> <br /> `` back by midnight '' be rate R mainly for language -lrb- and one scene of nudity -rrb- . the irony in this fact be that many of the joke be so audience insulting that even kid -lrb- if you edit out the language -rrb- would walk out of this film . the physical gag be also incredibly predictable , especially when Alley 's pet monkey torment Quaid 's character . when the monkey grab a pair of scissors and jump on Quaid 's couch , who would not know where that gag be go ? <br /> <br /> be a direct-to-video comedy , of course I do not expect any oscar-winning material on here . the truth be , though , Dangerfield have make some great , timeless comedy before . `` Easy Money '' and `` back to School '' be hilarious still , and be definitely not oscar-worthy in the slightest . however , there be a difference between make a dumb comedy that be funny , and make a dumb comedy . with the latter kind of comedy , it seem like the filmmaker do not even try , which be precisely the case with this lame excuse for a waste 90 minute . rest in Peace , Rodney , but add this film to you batch of forgettable comedy like `` Meet Wally spark '' -lrb- 1997 -rrb- and `` the Godson '' -lrb- 1999 -rrb- . this film , dare I say it , be not even worth see .
this be probably one of the most well-made film of the 40 's - Warner Bros. at the very height of they style . the photography by Sol Polito be arguably he finest achievement - gorgeous composition and lighting with delicate shadow . Max Steiner contribute one of he most complex and beautiful score - the epitome of he classical leit motif method . the music add great emotion and excitement to the plot and be exquisite and memorable . it be interesting to note that the same production team that make this movie go right on to make `` now , Voyager '' later that year - a fine film which win honor and award and go down as a historical favorite , ciefly because it star Bette Davis . in my opinion , `` the gay sister '' be a much better film - better make in all department , and more interesting , complex and enjoyable . a most unusual film which entertain those who take it for what it be , rather than project they own modern creative sensibility or they advanced and demand standard of hyper-critical perfection . each thing have to be judge in it be own time reference and for what it be try to achieve on its own term . most of the complaint I have read in these review be so childish and totally miss the point . if you be hungry for a perfect filet mignon , do not go to the bakery counter and start whine and complain about the fluff pastry . the art of film criticism be truly lose on a large segment of the population . sorry folk - maybe if this movie have have a score by the Rolling Stones and a hundred intricate and soul search subplot , you would all be gleefully gratify . I 'll take a old movie without modern intellectual pretension a day of the week !
at the beginning we get to see the start of a secret council of some sort . it all look very promising from the get go . with some supernatural element throw in , the mystery get more interesting by the minute . the main character who seem like a good bloke get into trouble because of he claim for money he be entitle to -lrb- temptation -rrb- and other factor . you really empathize with the guy and you want to know what exactly be go on . normally a person in he situation would have several option . somehow he do not have those option . in this movie there only seem to be one solution even when it be clear it be not he fault . out of the blue he encounter character who talk about church , prayer and God . and they provide the answer for he problem . it should be obvious at a point in the movie what this solution be . now let I say that there be nothing wrong with this message . since it always be helpful . but be it really necessary to disguise this message . this religious element actually ruin the view experience for I . while the message be good , it be simplicity can not escape the fact that in real life more need to happen to resolve issue present in this movie . the mystery that be present to we never get solve . in stead you be force to deal with another topic that essentially have nothing to do with the plot . do not get fool because of Malcolm Mcdowell . the once brilliant actor be adequate , but if you watch closely you will see that he be not serious at all . he really must be desperate for money . otherwise what would poss a actor of he caliber to act in a movie like this .
I catch this at a test screening . all I can say be : what ... the ... hell ? this movie play out about as smoothly as Mickey Mouse read the script for `` Scarface . '' it be bizarre beyond make the slightest bit of sense ; and even if you do leave you brain in the car , the film be still so bizarre that it be not even funny . <br /> <br /> the plot involve crocodile hunter Steve Irwin try to `` save '' a crocodile which contain a CIA probe . the CIA come after Irwin to get they probe back , Irwin mistake they for poacher , and set out to `` stop '' they . <br /> <br /> that be about all the story there be ; the rest be over-the-top lampooning of australian culture -lrb- `` Didja see dat ? '' and `` Crikey ! '' -rrb- and strangely choreographed action sequence . at one point , Irwin mount a speeding rv and knife fight with a CIA agent on top of it . yes , that be right : Steve Irwin knife fight a guy on top of a rv . let that be you guide for this ridiculously bad film .
`` the deadly look of Love '' be essentially `` fatal attraction '' with a couple of twist add onto the back half . the end will not surprise anyone who have see more than two or three movie of the week . it be yet another cautionary tale about succumb to temptation , and it add nothing fresh to the genre . <br /> <br /> Brett -lrb- Vincent Spano -rrb- be engage to a beautiful woman who just happen to have a sizable trust fund . even though he have it all , he risk lose everything by start up a steamy side affair with Janet -lrb- Jordan Ladd -rrb- . Janet , a doe-eyed blonde from Cedar Falls , fall hard for Brett , and she do not take it particularly well when he come clean about he engagement . shortly after the wedding , Mrs. Brett turn up dead in the master bedroom of the large , luxurious home she share with she new husband . when the police question Brett , he promptly point the finger at Janet . follow she arrest , Janet seem to get loonier by the minute - not that she be the picture of stability before . she defense attorney -lrb- Holland Taylor -rrb- be convince that Janet be innocent and be hell bent on prove it . <br /> <br /> do she do it or do not she ? how will it end ? you can find out the answer to these question the next time `` the deadly look of Love '' air on you local station . and be sure not to miss the moral of this beautiful story : man be pig , and woman be crazy .
this be a bigger budget film than usual for genre director honda -lrb- with more evidently elaborate set -rrb- -- though the special effect still have that distinctive cheesiness to they -lrb- witness the giant bat and rodent on display -rrb- . it also utilize a surprising number of american actor : Joseph Cotten play the visionary scientist look ill-at-ease and frail -lrb- but , then , he character be suppose to be 204 year old ! -rrb- , a innocuous Richard Jaeckel be the photographer hero while , as chief villain , we get Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina -lrb- both essentially campy -rrb- . as I have often say , I grow up watch english-language film dub in italian ... but hear Hollywood actor in japanese be another thing entirely ! <br /> <br /> latitude zero feel like a juvenile version of a typical Jules Verne adventure , and be fairly entertaining on that level ; indeed , it be preferable to Honda 's low-brow variation on the monsters-on-the-rampage formulum because of the inherent quaint charm of the set-up in this case . the plot involve the kidnapping of a famous scientist by Romero -- he be intend to establish himself in the underwater , technologically advanced city devise by Cotten -lrb- to which the world 's foremost mind be be recruit -rrb- . we be treat to plenty of silly battle between the rival sub , but the most amusing scene be certainly the raid on Romero 's cave -- in fact , Cotten do somersault and fend off man in rubber suit -lrb- via flame and laser emit from he glove ! -rrb- must surely count as the nadir of he act career ; the other elder in the cast , Romero , be more in he element -- after all , he have be the Joker in the BATMAN tv series and movie of the 1960s ! Cotten have a scantily-clad blonde physician on he team , and be assist by a hulk asian ; Romero , on the other hand , be flank by a oriental femme fatale -- who , however , end up get a raw deal for she effort -lrb- the girl 's brain be eventually transplant into a hybrid of lion and condor ... which be among the phoniest-looking creature you ever see ! -rrb- . apparently , a 2-disc set of this one from Media Blasters street on this very day !!
a SHIRLEY TEMPLE Short Subject . <br /> <br /> it can get mighty rough at Buttermilk Pete 's Cafe when the local contingency of diaper-clad war baby come in for they midday milk break . <br /> <br /> this primitive little film - a spoof of military movie - provide a few chuckle , but little else : tiny tot talk tough can begin to pall in a short time . Shirley Temple , play a duplicitous hip-swinging french miss , have not much to do in this pre-celebrity performance . highlight : the real sign of toddler temper when a few of the infant unexpectedly get well & truly soaked with milk . <br /> <br /> often overlook or neglect today , the one and two-reel short subject be useful to the Studios as important training grounds for new or burgeon talent , both in front & behind the camera . the dynamics for create a successful short subject be completely different from that of a feature length film , something akin to write a topnotch short story rather than a novel . economical to produce in term of both budget & schedule and capable of portray a wide range of material , short subject be the perfect complement to the Studios ' feature film .
I remember I see this cartoon when I be 6 or 7 . my grandfather pick up the video of it for free at the mall . I remember that it really suck . the plot have no sense . I hate the fox that become Casper 's friend . he be so stupid ! Casper cry he head off if he could not find a friend . so what ? get over it ! the only good part and I do not want to sound mean-spirited be when the fox get shot and die at the end . I laugh my head off in payback because this cartoon suck so much . the bad news be the fox resurrect and become a ghost . I wish he have stay dead . I think I even give the video of this to somebody because I hate it . no wonder they be offer it for free at the mall . if you have a child do not let they watch this . they will probably agree with I that it suck .
one of the finest musical make , one that be timeless and be worth see time and again . Delicious ! the acting , especially by Ron Moody as Fagin , be superb . costume be exquisite ... even the shabby one . <br /> <br /> the two young lad who play Oliver and the Artful Dodger be wonderfully talented . Oliver Reed do a great job portray Bill Sykes to where you can not help but hope he come to a terrible end ... which he do . <br /> <br /> the dancing be cleverly choreograph and be mesmerizing . Oliver can hold its own with the likes of my fair lady , the sound of Music , Oklahoma , etc. . a film for the entire family .
I wonder how much this movie actually have get to do with the 1984 movie `` Bachelor Party '' , star Tom Hanks . be this movie even a official sequel ? this movie be lack in every department and you be obviously better off not watch it . <br /> <br /> for a comedy this movie simply be not good or funny enough . it rely mostly on the character 's they stereotypical assessment , rather then the movie actually feature some good , original and funny moment . <br /> <br /> of course there also be very little story present and the movie nude breast than script page . you just keep wait for thing to finally start off . there be a main plot line in it somewhere but that one be so terribly unoriginal and get execute so poorly in the movie that it feel more as if it be something non-existent . I guess there even be a message and moral story in it somewhere but this again be so terribly unoriginal and poorly do in the movie that it simply do not work out . <br /> <br /> it be basically a typical teenage comedy , with lot of sex joke and nudity , only without the teenage main character , which make the story all the more sad and tasteless . the movie make some really wrong joke , that be misplace for any type of movie . <br /> <br /> I regret ever watch this . <br /> <br /> 3/10
`` how to lose Friends & Alienate People '' be not base on Tiger Woods ' infidelity . it be a mediocre romantic comedy base on Toby Young 's book on he experience work as a journalist cover celebrity . the film star Simon Pegg as Sidney Young , a zany british journalist who take a job in a illustrious celebrity magazine in New York . Young be restless in get catch up all type of shenanigan to alienate all around he , hence movie title . he be uproarious , daring , and moronic . but nevertheless for some very bizarre reason , he be a somewhat likable character . Sidney befriend a fellow journalist , the compose Alison Olsen , play quite admirably by Kirsten Dunst . however , Sidney be primarily longing for the sexpot actress Sophie Maes play by the Fantastic Ms. Megan Fox . this foxtrot be short on act proficiency but high on `` eye candy '' material . Sidney get in all kind of tomfoolery in order to move up the journalist ladder in the magazine co. . those be the peak comedic moment of the film . however , I think that director Robert Weide and Screenwriter Peter Straughan might lose some viewer and alienate authentic rom-com material by develop a implausible romantic plot line between Sidney & Alison ; even though Team Weidstraughan do formulate a entertaining narrative otherwise . Pegg do peg he character down to the wire with he hilarious performance as Sidney Young . Jeff Bridges be again build `` the Dude '' bridge with he enigmatic support work as Clayton Harding , the magazine 's suave prez . but the rest of the film 's acting be not worthy enough to feature here . `` how to lose Friends & Alienate People '' should not be alienate entirely , but you might lose some movie friend if you publicize it as a superlative romantic comedy . *** average
it be be 19 year since Gordon Gekko use `` Wall Street '' to let we know that greed be good . now , Michael Douglas take the gg persona and morph it into a Secret Service agent , Pete Garrison . guess what ? it work ! this be a solid political thriller that keep I guess . the detail work in show the security precaution take by the ss on behalf of the President and First Lady be likewise intriguing . all the lead be pretty good but , try as I might , I could not accept Eva Longoria as a Secret Service agent . whereas Jodie Foster just make you suspend belief and really think she be FBI agent Starling in `` silence of the lamb '' , you do not get the same feeling with Longoria . nevertheless , this be a fun film , escapist entertainment with the Beltway as the backdrop .
I often feel like Scrooge , slam movie that other be rave about - or , I write the review to balance unwarranted rave . I find this movie almost unwatchable , and , unusual for I , be fast-forwarding not only through dull , clichéd dialog but even dull , clichéd musical number . whatever originality exist in this film -- unusual domestic setting for a musical , lot of fantasy , some animation -- be more than offset by a script that have not a ounce of wit or thought-provoking plot development . individually , June Haver and Dan Dailey appear to be nice people , but can not carry a movie as a team . neither be really charismatic or have much sex appeal . they be both bland . I like Billy Gray , but he character be pretty one-note . the best part of the film , to I , be June Haver 's beautiful costume and great body .
like most comment I see this film under the name of the witching which be the reissue title . apparently necromancy which be the original be better but I doubt it . <br /> <br /> most scene of the witching still include most necromancy scene and these be still bad . in many way I think the add nudity of the witching at least add some entertainment value ! but do not be fool - there be only 3 scene with nudity and it be of the people stand around variety . no diabolique rumpy pumpy involve ! <br /> <br /> this movie be so inherently awful it be difficult to know what to criticise first . the dialogue be awful and straight out of the Troma locker . at least Troma be tongue in cheek though . this be straight-faced boredom personify . the acting be variable with Pamela Franklin -lrb- Flora the possess kid in the innocent would you believe ! -rrb- the worst with she high-pitched screechy voice . Welles seem merely wait for he pay cheque . the other female lead have a creepy face so I do not know why Pamela think she could trust she in the film ! and the doctor be pretty bad too . he also look worringly like Gene Wilder . <br /> <br /> it be ineptly film with scene change for no reason and editing be choppy . this be because the witching be a copy and paste job and not a subtle one at that . only the lighting be ok . the sound be also dreadful and it be difficult to hear with the appalling new soundtrack which never shut up . the ` ghost ' mother be also equally rubbish but the actress be so hilariously bad at act that at least it provide some unintentional laugh . <br /> <br /> really this film -lrb- the witching at least -rrb- be only for the unwary . it can not have many sane fan as it be pretty unwatchable and I actually find it mind-numbingly dull ! <br /> <br /> the best bit be when the credit roll - enough say so simply better to this poor excuse for a movie like the plague !
in April of 1965 , CBS broadcast the first of Barbra Streisand 's monumental television special . the show be not only a runaway rating success , but garner 5 Emmy award as well . this be one of the most memorable moment of 1960 's television and -lrb- unfortunately -rrb- the kind of television special they do not produce anymore . fill with wonderful song and a spectacular performance by Barbra , this special be a must view for any Streisand fan and anyone interested in early television .
it have take I a while to watch this version as unfortunately I do not seem to be able to rent it in the video store , only the other version but I fall in love with it . I be always borderline with the other Emma . Gwenneth and Toni Collette , as they be not british naturally have to put on the accent , and well to I it do not seem natural . it seem put on . sorry but do not think Toni and Gwenneth do a brilliant job there . I could not warm to any of the character , but this version be more heart warming and more the type of person I imagine Emma to be . it be definitely the version I will come back to from now on . I be disappoint that Mr Knightley be not better look , but he be convince . I also like Jane Fairfax better -lrb- play by Olivia Williams -rrb- . I never warm to she in the movie version , but she be better portray in this version . come to think of it , -lrb- besides Mr Knightley -rrb- all character be better play , and a lot less over the top . unfortunately both come out around same time and the Paltrow version get more publicity . pity ... . I also love the new scene at the end . well do to Kate Beckingsale ! therefore , if you be a Jane Austen fan , do not forget to watch this one .
as other reviewer have note , this be a unjustly neglect depression-era film . Directed by Frank Borzage -lrb- two oscar -rrb- and write by Jo Swerling -lrb- leave she to Heaven , the Westerner , Lifeboat , etc. -rrb- , it be a tough-minded , well-structured and - realize move about denizen of a New York City shantytown . they be grifter , beggar , and woman force into prostitution , but they be a community of people both good and bad , with loyalty as complex as any group 's . <br /> <br /> perhaps primary among this movie 's many admirable quality be the contrast between Spencer Tracy 's character , Bill , and Loretta Young 's Trina . he tough-talking , physically aggressive , and evidently fearless -- but Bill be not the character who give this film its steely sense of survival . while he bluster , Trina actually hang tough -lrb- if that term can be apply to a character so ladylike -rrb- . she devotion to he be obvious , and complete . when she become pregnant , she say she will raise it herself if he want to leave , or `` I 'll even give up the kid if you 'll only be happy . '' such be the dignity of Loretta Young 's performance -lrb- at age 20 -rrb- as a quite simple character , that she seem neither weak or dependent , but rather a woman who recognize happiness when she find it , and want nothing more .
I be not sure how to rate this movie , since it be so bad it be actually very funny . I be not a Gackt fan by any means , though he be talented , despite the weird pseudonym that sound like a cat cough up a hairball . I always think Hyde be talented though , faith be a interesting album . <br /> <br /> but on topic here folk . this movie be ridiculous . it be so over the top and nonsensical it be almost like a parody of supernatural action film . <br /> <br /> the movie have almost no plot here , except it be just about vampire with gangster friend . in a way , this film almost remind I of Spider-Man 3 , with how there be too many idea , which result in not enough time to pay attention on one of they . <br /> <br /> the action scene be laughable . quickly edit , almost hard to understand , with choreography that be so laughably bad . though Hyde look very stylish during the action scene , but that be this film 's only such redemption . I be a sucker for good action movie , but the action be horribly do . though the final shootout be ok and the highlight of this otherwise depressing movie . <br /> <br /> it keep jump between genre , not a good thing . it want to be a drama , or a action flick , or a horror , or a romance ... what the hell . <br /> <br /> if this review be make you mad , why ? be it because Gackt and Hyde be you love ? do not fool yourself , this movie be BAD .
`` it be all up to you , Ed ? '' `` now you get to play the game . '' the day my father leave my mother , he take I to see this film with he new girlfriend , on open day at the Cinerama Dome in Hollywood . I be but fourteen year old . I be not even entirely sure what I be see , but I will never forget it , especially the scene with Ned Beatty . <br /> <br /> watch it today , thirty-six year later , it still give I quiver . <br /> <br /> my father be a huge Burt Reynolds fan , hence the reason for standing in line for almost a hour in to watch what be suppose to be a ` action movie . ' I have see two film at the Dome prior to this : `` Grand Prix '' and `` the song of Norway . '' well this be not exactly Mario Andretti or the Brady bunch . after leave the theater , I be shell-shocked . <br /> <br /> but even at that tender age , I appreciate the artistry ... and after see again today , be I surprise I be still stand after witness this highly disturbing , yet extremely well-crafted film . <br /> <br /> suffice it to say it be a traumatic experience for a fourteen year-old that have yet to kiss he first girlfriend . I do not blame my father for take I , but it be a bit much for a child to witness . <br /> <br /> as a adult , I still find it quite disturbing , yet I be still very impressed with the quality of the film-making . <br /> <br /> Burt Reynolds as a absolute wonder , as be all the principle ... from Billy Redden as the inbred guitar wonder , to Ronny Cox as the terrify insurance salesman ... everyone do a admirable job . the sound quality be second to none , from the chirp bird to the tick clock . the photography , cinematography ... all the technical aspect of this remarkable film be first rate . <br /> <br /> the moral question raise , from murder the sexual assaulter to the aftermath of deal with kill a human being , remain as profound today as they do when this groundbreak film be release . and the classic sequence of attempt to survive in the wilderness after deal with such unforeseen brutality be life-altering . these four man , city man , suddenly confront with a situation with never imagine , raise the bar from action to horror . <br /> <br /> it be a classic to be sure . and the phrase `` you have a pretty mouth '' have be quote endlessly , from Saturday Night Live to off-the-cuff comment around water-cooler at work , this movie be without a doubt a huge part of we societal pop culture ... as much as `` make my day '' or `` I 'll be back '' ever be . <br /> <br /> so what would you do if you find you friend be sexually assault at gunpoint by mountain man far away from you life in the city , cozy bed , wife and kid ? and if you take the measure Burt Reynolds do -lrb- and I would have do the same -rrb- would you bury the body beneath the soon-to-be-lake , or stand trial and take you chance ? the bottom line be : Deliverance deliver . you can take that to the bank . if this movie do not get under you skin , then you be not human . <br /> <br /> even if you have see this before , rent it again and ask yourself the above question . <br /> <br /> my favorite part of the film remain the same : Ed fail to kill the deer ... then change . Life and it be unpredictable circumstance can change a man . and I suppose that be what this film be all about Jon Voight , in particular , as Ed , give the best performance here . and he remain one of the more gifted actor in Hollywood history , from Midnight Cowboy to he highly underrated performance as Franklin D. Roosevelt in Pearl Harbor , he act lift the movie to another level . climb the rock at dusk , terrify and determine to make it right it need to be see to be believe . I guarantee you heart rate will elevate to a new level . <br /> <br /> briskly pace , tense , taut and tightly draw as a as a banjo string , this be a morality play that ask question that remain today . Times have change , but we choice as human being have not . <br /> <br /> ten out of ten star .
if you like mech war game it be pretty good . some of it be cheap but the robot fight be worth see . I have enjoy the mech war field for some time and this be pretty much the only movie I have ever see that come close to that feeling of what it would be like to pilot one of those huge mech . if you like the genus then game you like be Mech Warrior three and four and if you have a xbox and $ 350 to spare steel battalion . the movie be worth see at least once . there really need to be some more movie on the same theme out there . less remake and more original work . <br /> <br /> enjoy
there be a scene near the beginning after a shootout where horse be run . if something red catch you eye it be because a white van be park behind a bush by the trail . I think I have see bad but this be it . a white van in a western . do they not catch this ? oh well , and I pay top dollar at the rental . it will make you want to grab you buddy and have they all put in 10 grand and make a better movie . the talking be so so slow , the acting be mostly ok but could not be take seriously due to the poor nature of the film . there be a door at the sheriff that look like a door today with the particular trim . I say watch this movie , and move Cabin boy into # 2 on the worst of all time .
this be a truly remarkable piece of cinematic achievement . from the very start I be utterly hooked into the -lrb- true -rrb- story when Lt. Viktor Burakov -lrb- Stephan Rea -rrb- weep while perform the autopsy on the remains of the child 's body . this then be the compelling story of Andrei Chikatilo , wonderfully play by Jeffrey DeMunn -lrb- The Green Mile -rrb- . in fact , he play it so well and so sympathetically that the viewer almost start to pity he , until we remember what he be . the psychiatrist Dr. Alexandr Bukhanovsky , wonderfully play by Max Von Sydow be utterly believable in every detail , and the point he make when talk about paranoia in the Soviet Union , be make all too apparent by the behaviour of the local Communist Commissar Bondarchuk play by Joss Ackland . for I though , the outstanding performance be from Donald Sutherland , prove once again what a superb character actor he really be . I be almost in tear when he tell Burakov how the FBI have so closely follow and admire he work . this film put silence of the lamb into the shade , from the atmospheric and bleak soviet landscape , to the superlative performance by everyone involve . <br /> <br /> i rate this film 10/10
as a animated film from 1978 , this be pretty good -- generally well above the standard of the day when Disney have not do anything good in year -lrb- and Tolkien care little for Disney anyway -rrb- . it get major point for innovative and careful camera work , apply cinematic technique with relative success . the much-maligned rotoscoping actually work pretty well , especially with the Ringwraiths , and the opening narration . however , it be so drastically overuse -- possibly as a money-saving technique -- that it detract from the overall effect . the same technique that make wraith spooky and otherworldly do not fare so well in the prance pony . <br /> <br /> as for the adaptation of the story , it be actually quite good . we lose little bit here and there , minor detail such as the Old Forest and Tom Bombadil , the Gaffer and the Sackville-Bagginses . we compress a few character , such as revise Legolas as one of Elrond 's household and a old friend of Aragorn 's , but that be a rather wise decision for film . in book you have room to include the reference to the larger world of the Elves and Middle-Earth 's vast history . in film , you trade that for visual and sound that convey the same element in a different way . nothing critical be truly lose here , and although I have minor quibble about some of the change , I be generally pretty happy with it . <br /> <br /> if only the drat writer have manage to remember Saruman 's name -- he be frequently refer to as Aruman , a decision probably make to make he more distinct from similarly-named Sauron ; it take I a second viewing before I be certain I have not mishear it . it be also annoy that Boromir be a bloody stage viking , and irritable from the start . however , Gandalf be excellent , and most of the rest of the voicework be excellent . if only John Hurt be not too old to play Aragorn ; I love he voice . <br /> <br /> of course , with the film end at the midpoint of the story , there be a vast disappointment build in . what make it far , far worse be the altogether miserable job do by the Rankin & Bass crew on the sequel . that they be permit to do return of the King after butcher the hobbit remain a huge mystery ; they seem more interested in bad song than in proper storytelling . for all its fault , this film 's heart be solidly in place and it try very hard to accomplish a nearly impossible task . I can only hope that the upcome series of film keep as true to its vision ...
this be one of the great movie of the 80s in MY collection that I think about all the time . <br /> <br /> the run man be one of Arnold ` s best and most different film even to this day and when I first see the run man I be so excited to see a movie like this . I just adore all of the fight and this be truly a special movie . it also have Jesse Ventura , the legendary Professor Toru Tanaka , Sven-Ole Thorsen , the beautiful Maria Conchita Alonso , Yaphet Kotto , Kurt Fuller , Richard Dawson , and Thomas Rosales Jr. who seem to always like death in he movie because he have be kill in such film as Universal Solder , the Lost World , Robo cop 2 , Predator 2 , and among other . all Arnold fan should love this film from the begin to the end because its action pack , star fill , and its one its one of Arnold ` s best to date !
put aside a Dr. House repeat that I have miss , and a desperate housewife -lrb- new -rrb- to watch this one . I do not know exactly what plague this movie . I never think I would say this , but I want my 15 minute of fame back . <br /> <br /> script , direction , I can not say . I recognize the stable of actor -lrb- the usual suspect -rrb- , but think Herbert Marshall be a class addition and sit myself down for a good cheesy flick . boy , be I wrong . Dullsville . <br /> <br /> my favorite part : where the `` office girl '' make with the 029 keypunch and put the card into a 087 sorter . LOL @ `` the computer '' . I would like someone identify the next device - a 477 ? it be before even this dinosaur 's time . <br /> <br /> and we dinosaur do not have that much time to waste .
the Horror Channel play nothing but erotic soft porn gothic flick each night from 10pm till about 4 in the morning , but they ` scare ' factor be very limited , if one exist at all . in fact I be sure I will find a multi-million pound lottery win more scary than anything this channel have to offer . <br /> <br /> the Bloodsucker lead the Dance deserve special mention because it be I feel , the undisputed low of a channel full of low . I can not even begin to tell you how bad this film be , but for the purpose of complete the minimum 10 line demand by this site , I will at least give it a go . <br /> <br /> firstly the title be misleading and bear no resemblance to the action on the screen . in fact the film might as well have be call ` toothbrush ' or ` Wallpaper ' for all it have to do with the plot . at least they use toothbrush ... at least they have wallpaper . <br /> <br /> there be no bloodsucker for mile around and what even worse there be no dance , not one . I be sure they be make two different film by mistake here . <br /> <br /> a more suitable title would have be , ` Horny Italian Count lead five people to a scary castle and bore we silly for ninety Minutes . ' yes that fit better . <br /> <br /> the acting be terrible and and the dub appalling , and that guy who play Seymour be almost as wooden in he walk as he be in he character ... abysmal . <br /> <br /> the only saving grace of this film be a small but slightly interesting lesbian sex scene , two small and very interesting heterosexual sex scene , and the add attraction in that every single female character get she kit off . bonus . <br /> <br /> otherwise steer a wide birth away from this one . no vampire , no dancing , no scene of a brutal or gruesome nature and no way on god earth I will ever , ever , ever watch this one again . <br /> <br /> no word of a lie , this film could put you off motion picture for life .
tape this late night movie when I be in grade 11 , watch it on fast forward . I sugest you do the same . I though it would be and action film , but go to a cort tv type movie . in the end it fit in with the early 70 's social activest type film . glad I miss that era . 2/10
the title should have be `` the walker '' . that be only he do walk . <br /> <br /> there be nothing on the movie that be good . the description of the movie do not really comply with the plot . <br /> <br /> the only thing that I can get from the movie be that he be a good son , but a low life terrible person . <br /> <br /> I be sorry that I expend my money and time , on this movie . I see people leave the theater in the middle of the movie . I stay hope that it will better ... what a mistake . I get worse . <br /> <br /> if there be a suggestion that I can make to he producer be to re-direct he life to another field , because make movie be definitely no he cup of tea
I cant believe some people actually like this . yet still call themselves Batman fan . even go as far as to say it be better than bta . which it be not . it should be plagiarism for they to use Batman 's name for this piece of crap . it be not Batman . <br /> <br /> the whole premise of the show be '' if you cant defeat someone get a bigger weapon to help you '' Batman be not all about weapon . he use he batarang and grapple hook and Batmobile , that it . he do not come up with some new ingenious tech every time he cant beat someone . I do not know where the hell they get the idea for a Batbot . or whatever . they have ruin all the villain . Mr. freeze have go from a sympathetic scientist to a petty criminal who fall in some cryofreezing thing . Catwoman be now a 40 or 50 year old woman with a dumb costume . Penguin be now a ninja with a 50 ft. tall top hat . the Ventriloquist be now call Scarface make the Dummy the whole centerpiece for the character . they even get a dumb idea to make he a giant ! wtf ? and the two worst character change be that of the Joker and Riddler . they have change Riddler to a gothic/retro teenage freak . and the joker to a acrobat with dread . he look like a bob Marley wannabe . they have completely and utterly ruin batman even moreso than b&r do ! i wish i could meet the creator and or writer and animator of this show so i could whack they in the head with a metal baseball bat .
the film be worth watch only if you stop it after half a hour . it start of with funny conversation in a bar and make one expect a good , funny story be to come . well , I can tell you it will not come . it will deteriorate in minute into a movie that challenge you patience as well as you feeling of shame for the actor to a extend you will probably not be please to witness . <br /> <br /> in a interview I hear that the director want to express in this film the feeling of a loss of identity that , accord to he , the majority of the people in this globalizing world experience . I be amaze to hear that . be I live in the same world he live in ? ok a lot of people do walk around in the same clothes as mine and listen to the same music and all , but that do not make I feel like I be lose my identity . what do Khrzhanosvky think , that we be not more than the clothes we wear and the movie we watch ? be I shortsighted or be he ? <br /> <br /> Well my vote : the good start of the movie save it from get a 1 , a decent 4 be my conclusion .
watch floor by Love one thought come almost immediately to mind , `` my god this look like a really bad sitcom . '' sure enough , it turn out that FBL be a pilot for a series that may start this fall in Canada , poor poor Canada . <br /> <br /> Cara -lrb- Shirley Ng -rrb- and Janet -lrb- Natalie Sky -rrb- be a lesbian couple living in Vancouver . Janet have come out to she mother already but Cara 's parent be still in the dark about they daughter 's homosexuality . the pressure be on to out herself though when the parent come from Malaysia for she younger brother 's wedding . that same week British Columbia legalize gay marriage . with Janet want to wed , Cara have to decide whether or not to tell she conservative chinese parent that be she be gay . will she ? would she ? could she ? Cara 's situation be contrast with that of Jesse -lrb- Trent Millar -rrb- . Jesse have just declare he homosexuality to the world at the age of fourteen . he biological father Daniel -lrb- Andrew McIlroy -rrb- be come for a visit soon . he stepfather Norman -lrb- Michael Robinson -rrb- fear that he chance of finally be fully accept by Jesse be harm by the fact that Daniel be gay and he be not . will dial 1-800-makeover help ? <br /> <br /> the dialogue and delivery come straight out of a lesser 1950 's program along with the overdo physical emoting . the full house-style melodrama be enough to make you wince from time to time and the attempt at comedy largely fail . McIlroy , Millar & Sky be the only performer that approach competency in this miscalculation but give the material they have to work with , it be no surprise that none impress . it be possible that the campiness be purposeful . it often seem like there be no way the performer be really that bad , that they must be try to mimic the inferior sitcom of day yore . if this be indeed the case than this review should probably be rewrite . the rewrite would focus on floor by love be a poor and ineffective send-up of old sitcom . <br /> <br /> writer/director Desiree Lim have put together a by-the-numbers bland-fest that be entirely forgettable . there be a time when merely have a openly homosexual protagonist be enough to make a mark on the screen . that time be go . in this day we need quality as well .
`` Hitler , the rise of Evil '' be clearly produce by people emotionally unburden by the horror of World War 2 . which make watch a refreshing experience . <br /> <br /> I think its greatest value lie in its crystal clear reveal of the nazi-mechanism . of the utterly corrupt way Hitler use to make it to the top . have arrive there , this film end . <br /> <br /> when on top , the ` fuhrer ' -lrb- = german for ` leader ' -rrb- lead he Germany to the biggest & most devastating war in history of mankind . end six year later in Germany 's utter defeat . as a result , Germany lose its eastern province -lrb- = about 35 % of its prewar soil -rrb- , and be force to accept a 44 year-split of its remain territory . both West and East Germany have to be rebuild from scrap , they reputation severely damage by the many nazi-atrocity inspire by racism . <br /> <br /> as I say , `` Hitler , the rise of Evil '' make a good watch . set in a acceptable thirties-environment , with -lrb- more than -rrb- competent acting . in particular Peter O'Toole 's role as the aged president von Hindenburg stand out , even add a extra dimension . <br /> <br /> my copy of `` Hitler , the rise of Evil '' also provide a second dvd with two good documentary film . one be about Hitler 's personality , the second deal with the forgery of the hitler-diary . in 1983 this forgery cause a hilarious scandal in England and Germany , damage the reputation of several historian and journalist .
George and Kim be travel with they young son Miles to a remote cabin in upstate New York when they car hit a deer and swerve into a ditch.but what seem to be a mere occurrence of misfortune mark the beginning of a terrifying journey , where myth become reality and a flesh-eating spirit , half animal and half man Wendigo , haunt a small town ... `` Wendigo '' by Larry Fessenden be a thought-provoking horror film that often tenderfoot 's into a somber family drama.the act be great , the character be well-developed and there be some bone-chilling moments.the subtle glimpse of Wendigo be handle effectively and it be never clear what be real and what be imagine , or even if the story be take place entirely in Miles ' head.overall , `` Wendigo '' be my first contact with Larry Fessenden 's work and surely will not be the last.give this film a chance , if you do not mind watch something unconventional .8 out of 10 .
six degree be a wonderful show ! I watch the entire season online since I just find it and be terribly disappoint that there will not be a season 2 :'-lrb-_NN and to top it all off , ABC have now take it off-line , so it be unable to be view online anymore . why would ABC create such a wonderful show , with a great story line and with great character just to pull it off the air without ever complete the tale . it seem it be leave to we imagination to figure out what happen to all of we connected character . honestly though I feel that ABC could at least place the show online for viewer who enjoi it while they continue to air overrated reality tv show . six degree we will miss you .
LOL ! not a bad way to start it . I think this be original , but then I discover it be a clone of the 1976 remake of KING KONG . I never see KING KONG until I be 15 . I see this film when I be 9 . the film 's funky disco music will get stick in you head ! not to mention the film 's theme song by the Yetians . this be the worst creature effect I have ever see . at the same time this film remain a holy grail of b-movie . memorable quote : `` take a tranquilizer and go to bed . '' `` put the Yeti in you tank and you have Yeti power . '' I remember see this film on movie macrabe host by Elvira . there be one scene where it be like KING KONG in reverse ! in KING KONG he grab the girl and climb up the building , but in this film he climb down the building and grab the girl -lrb- who be fall -rrb- ! also around that year be another kong clone MIGHTY PEKING man -lrb- 1977 -rrb- which come from Hong Kong . there be a lot of travel matte scene and motorized body part . this film will leave you laugh . it be like I say , just another KING KONG clone . rate pg for violence , language , thematic element , and some scary scene .
what can i say about the first film ever ? <br /> <br /> you can not rate this , because it be not suppose to be entertaining . but if you have to rate it , you should give it a 10 . it be stunning to see move image from the year 1895 . this be one of the most important movie in history . I wonder how it be to be one of the people who see the first movie ever ! <br /> <br />
Soylent Green I find to be a excellent movie . <br /> <br /> if you like Logan 's Run you 'll like this . <br /> <br /> yes the movie be old and there be no special effect and some of the act can somewhat be best describe as `` cheesy '' but the story be excellent . <br /> <br /> the story of how the world can be and its impact on society be very poignant . <br /> <br /> at the end the mystery be not a mystery but the story unfold in a easy at the right pace . <br /> <br /> it be nearest modern day equivalent would be `` dark Angel '' in term of how the US be show to be third-world country .
as the faux-russian scientist say two-third of the way into the movie , `` I come for the science . '' this pretty much sum up the reason I watch this movie - anything that involve a half-man , half-hammerhead shark definitely deserve a serious empirical investigation on the part of a impartial aspire scientist . or , as they say in the biz , my girlfriend 's brother have the remote and the rest be history . to say that the special effect be bad would be a disservice to the field of special effect . this be 2005 , it be not that hard to film a car scene without a cheesy bluescreen background . yeah , this be charming and state of the art when Hitchcock be film `` the Birds '' but in 2005 it just look low budget . spare I the cheap attempt at sci-fus and do I the service of actually make a attempt at the willing suspension of disbelief . <br /> <br /> however , have seriously defame the overall concept of this film , let I tell you again that , as sad as it may sound , this be probably worth you time . if nothing else , it be a tour de force of bad sci-fus - worth the education for the new movie buff and certainly worthy of a refresher course for those who have see a few movie in they day . <br /> <br /> the crazy hunchback mad scientist with a hammerhead transceiver who think it be a good idea to spoon canful of blood into the nearby water make I question not only the intelligence of mankind , but also the ability of `` b '' movie writer to come up with remotely plausible plot line . <br /> <br /> this film also pretty much fulfill one of my longtime bad movie contention - bad guy always wear sunglass . <br /> <br /> if this be not 2005 , I would be deadset on the fact this film be some sort of insanely poor metaphor for the Cold War . I mean , you might as well have Khan on the bridge of a Klingon Bird of Prey insert leach into Chekhov 's ear . <br /> <br /> one of the most moving line of the movie be when the chick without the bra insist that the Charlton Heston lookalike , `` wait for Tom '' as he be try to lift the escape helicopter off the ground . the thing be , Tom be waste the bad sunglass guy with he never-ending banana clip attach to he Kalashnikov , or AK-47 , in layman 's term . <br /> <br /> as the mad scientist say near the end of the film , `` my goal be to evolve the human species '' - suffice it to say that this movie contribute only to a devolution of humankind . the faint freudian reference utter by the mad scientist as he prep the female protagonist to be mate with a hammerhead shark be a simple reminder that even in the worst of science fiction we can all find something to laugh about .
this film should have be fun . a young Lea Thompson , a young Joaquin Phoenix ... and Terry O'Quinn . in space . but it drag on , have unlovable character and have no target audience . <br /> <br /> some kid go to a space camp and be accidentally launch into space by a robot friend of theirs -lrb- name , appropriately , jinx -rrb- . the space scene be then long , repetitive -lrb- the same accident happen twice -rrb- and either cheesy or frightening depend on you point of view . adult will be bore and cheese out , kid might be scare as the way this be film really leave a eerie sense about it . <br /> <br /> there be a bud romance , but unlike the shuttle -- this never take off . why it be include in the first place be unclear , except maybe to add extra tension between the character - but it fail if that be the idea . <br /> <br /> a young Lea Thompson should be quirky and attractive , right ? I mean , `` back to the Future '' be great . but no , she be irritating and average-looking . not someone you would want to date , have as a friend or even consider as a role model . Joaquin Phoenix ? he be really lucky he ever appear in movie again this performance . maybe he can act like Mikey in the Life cereal commercial , but he do not seem to know how to be a normal boy . he do not fit in on screen and I do not think we can identify with he at home . I actually would have be happier if he have never return to Earth . <br /> <br /> I do not recommend this film to anyone .
good work by everyone , from scriptwriter , director , and cast ; a lovely fun film that become believable for sentimental reason only ; a good film for television on those cloudy , cold wintry day when you just want to sit back and enjoy .
if you be go to look after a child , make sure they do not live anywhere near a graveyard . especially if say kid have a habit of draw gory picture and disappear at night among the tombstone to see she ` friend ' . but , we long haired heroine , oblivious to all the sign , shack up with she family the Nortons , which include a strict father and a dullard older brother who become a love interest for we bud babysitter . even more spooky than the zombie gang outside be the cast 's tendency to talk even when they lip be not move , and for the word to not match the movement of they mouth . but enough of that . . domestic animal be be sacrifice , old lady be have eyeball tear out and the orchestra will not shut up during any scene , even the quiet one . oh , and the editor be have a day off go by the way the film drone on . <br /> <br /> in fact , it would be better if everybody involve have take a breather , smell what they would sign up for and go AWOL . yes , I know it be hard to get into movie these day , but this sort of starter point be not one on you cv you would want . if would be like a trainee farm labourer have a conviction for chicken molesting . feature one of the worst lead performance ever by the shrill Laurel Barnett , and another almost equally as bad by the charisma-free child actress Rosalie Cole -lrb- the next Dakota Fanning she be not -rrb- the film meander on and on with nothing but padding until we get what pass for a climax . <br /> <br /> this involve five or six member of the undead barricade we utterly useless heroine in a shed , while she bit of rough fend off these ghoul with a plank of wood , a one shell shotgun and whatever he can lay he hand on . but back up a minute . . earlier on they be in the car , and they accidentally discover that the creature find the noise of the horn so repellent they shuffle off at the sound of it . so do they stay where they be safe ? no of course not , they run off to this abandon building in the middle of nowhere , so the bloke can prove what a hardnut he be the girl can act like she be have a nervous breakdown . <br /> <br /> finally , the film close . it do not end , it just go to a grind halt . the main character wander back to she vehicle cover in fake blood , as if nothing horrible have happen . but , my dear viewer , something horrible have happen . you have just sit through one of the most lamebrained , boring horror film you be ever likely to see , and lose 82 minute of you life you 'll never get back . just think . . year from now on you deathb , what you would trade a hour and 22 minute for just to spend a bit of extra time with you family . sadly , it be already too late for I . do not you make the same mistake :-lrb-_NN 2/10
this program be a lot of fun and the title song be so catchy I can not get it out of my head . I find as I get older I be draw to the wrinkly who get thing do , and these four be excellent in they endeavor . some of what they do be outrageous but brilliant consider that now day with we pc world we have never be able to do it in real life . I always learn something from the show . but if you like mystery , drama , comedy , and a little forensic work you 'll love this show . it remind I of Quincy , ME in one way and Barney Miller in another the way they work and inter-react with each other . they screw up a lot but they get the job do , and that be what count .
Famous word of foreign nightclub owner roman Maroni , that `` lousy cork sucker '' who spend the whole movie not only as Johnny Dangerously 's rival , but butcher the english language as well . <br /> <br /> another underrated classic that you can only find on afternoon matinées or `` late late late show '' 's , Johnny dangerously be a terrific satirical hit about a good hearted boy who secretly lead a life of crime to help pay for he mother 's medical care and put he brother through law school . <br /> <br /> yes there be a story , but who care ?? a cast that include Joe Piscopo , Dom DeLuise , Marilu Henner , and Alan Hale Jr will keep you wait to see what happen next . <br /> <br /> there be too many laugh in this to put on here . like airplane , you have to pay attention or you 'll miss something . highly recommend to anyone who can use a good laugh or two !!!
ok , so soldier be not deep and meaningful like Blade Runner or as big budget as Terminator 2 but on the whole I find it quite enjoyable . <br /> <br /> the fact that Kurt Russell stay in character not speak and be virtually emotionless make the moment when he humanity break through all the more poignant . I find he portrayal of restricted emotional development more touching than Arnie 's in the t film -lrb- and before I get comment yes I know that Arnie be a cyborg and Kurt be human but the premise put forward by both film be the same -rrb- . <br /> <br /> so to the film itself , a reasonable us/brit cast be able to flesh out this little story . not really sure if Gary Busey and he two deputy be baddy or goody , so be unable to decide whether I like they or not . the colony be a little more realistic neither a misguided bunch of peace loving/gullible/cowardly hick who get wipe out from the get go nor a group of subversive aggressive terrorist paranoid about offworlder and each other . <br /> <br /> Kurt Russell be good and unlike other comment I do not feel this will have a negative impact on he career -lrb- unlike maybe escape from LA - sequel be such fickle creature ! -rrb- . Sean Pertwee have really do he late father proud by continue the family noble sci-fus lineage . and the rest of the cast help flesh out this pathetic band of people make the most of a bad situation and not do too badly . <br /> <br /> if you see this on you tv schedule I would recommend give it a chance . I do not think you will be disappoint .
just do not bother . I think I would see a movie with great supspense and action . <br /> <br /> but it grow boring and terribly predictable after the interesting start . in the middle of the film you have a little social drama and all tension be lose because it slow down the speed . towards the end the it get better but not really great . I think the director take this movie just too serious . in such a kind of a movie even if u do not care about the plot at least you want some nice action . I nearly doze off in the middle/main part of it . Rating 3/10 . <br /> <br /> derboiler .
avoid the USA version . it be with add US footage and the worst dubbing you have ever hear probably do by New York amateur . the dubbing be so bad that it sound like Mystery Science Theater 3000 . I think a black guy from the Bronx do Chiba 's voice . I could not watch the entire film it be that bad . instead of this americanized version watch Chiba 's other great like the Streetfighter or Karate warrior .
weak script at time ? yep ! cheesy special effect at time ? yep ! deliciously guilty pleasure most of the time ? yep ! more about Carl Kolchak and Darren McGavin ? yep ! I always enjoy science fiction as a kid , but find so much of the Dracula/Frankenstein/Mummy / horror stuff as just so much crap . it take Abbott and Costello to give I a new perspective on the classic Universal monster , and it take Carl Kolchak to win I over to the `` dark side '' of entertainment . the Duke have Rooster Cogburn , Eastwood have Dirty Harry , Garner have Maverick and Rockford , Selleck have Magnum , and Darren McGavin have Carl Kolchak . mix in with all those weak script , cheesy special effect , that baroque group of support character and actor and guest star , there be Darren McGavin as Carl Kolchak . he have a wry sense of humor in spite of the danger , be a idealist in he pursuit of the truth , and a realist when it come to accept the obligatory incompetence and eventual cover-up by government official . additionally , unlike 98 % of we , Kolchak be willing to stick he neck out and do what need to be do , even if it mean he demise , the end of he journalistic career , or jail time . for all he fault , include no taste in clothes , Carl Kolchak be a man of charm and wit who drive a beautiful classic yellow Mustang -lrb- which be a old used car at the time -rrb- on he way to save the day for humanity . as good as any other fictional hero Carl Kolchak be the everyman hero bring to life every week for one season thanks to Darren McGavin . now that he be pass on and he show be on dvd , I hope he be have as much fun watch I watch he have fun play Kolchak the Night stalker all over again !
while `` Santa Claus conquer the Martians '' be usually cite as one of the worse film ever make , this mexican-made film from 1959 be so bad it make `` SCCM '' look like `` it be a wonderful life . '' you have to wonder what the people who make this film be think ; perhaps they mean it as a third-world allegory about capitalist greed and conspicuous consumption . nah ... they just be not very good . the same production company make a even more disturbing version of `` Little Red Riding Hood '' in which the wolf 's obsession with we heroine have unmistakable hint of pedophilia . -lrb- perhaps this be the inspiration for `` Freeway . '' -rrb- back to `` Santa Claus '' : instead of the North Pole , jolly old Saint Nicholas reside in a satellite in geosynchronous earth orbit -lrb- shades of `` mst3k '' -rrb- ; instead of elf he toy be make by child choose from around the world ; and he have sophisticated spy equipment to check just which kid be naughty and nice . the result be like a Orwellian outer space sweat shop . it be enough to turn you off Christmas forever . this and other low-rent mexican child 's ' film be dub in English and widely distribute in the U.S. in the early 1960 ; no wonder the sixty become such a turbulent period in american history . the baby boomer who be force to endure these `` family '' film as child would be all too eager to turn revolutionary .
watch this movie be like eat a banquet of nothing but meringue . it initially look great but ultimately provide no satisfaction -- none . <br /> <br /> the plot be a muddle mess about a toy factory and the force of evil . so , how be it possible that with this basic plot and Robin Williams that the movie still turn out so badly ?! it be because the picture be all appearance with no substance whatsoever -- much like the terrible Popeye picture Williams do at the beginning of he film career . the film must have cost a fortune but perhaps there be not enough money leave over to hire writer who have graduate grade school . <br /> <br /> the film be one unfunny joke that go on and on and on and on . I really be unsure why it be make in the first place -- it certainly be not make to provide any sort of entertainment .
a real head scratcher of a film by Bill Rebane who appear to be get worse in he trade throughout the eighty . three crackpot millionaire invite nine people to a remote hotel to compete in a last person stand contest in which the final contestant will be give $ 1 million provide he or she make it that far . a series of lame prank be pull on some of the guest while the other engage in what most adult would do under the circumstance namely get shatface at the hotel bar . most scene be merely a excuse to focus the camera on various female body part include a opening dance number that be a crossover of american Bandstand meet geriatric aerobic complete with hooker . if there be any hesitation that white people can not dance this scene hammer the final nail in that coffin . pay close attention for the nipple slip . this continue on for about forty-five minute until Bill Rebane begin throw dart at various plot twist and whatever he hit become the inspiration for the next scene make this one incoherent mess . it be a game until it be not a game . the three old coot be in complete control until they be not . the hotel be possess by a supernatural force until it become just prop . they be dead until they be not . even the narrator at the end reply that he do not know what the hell happen . I defy anyone to reason where Rebane be go on this one . the acting be dinner theater caliber minus the dinner . most of the actor probably go back to they day job at the local Stuckey 's . I give it a few point for the scene where the yuppie broad open the closet and a skeleton be inside skull hump himself . let 's see go with the wind do that ! this chilling classic collection be really become the bane of I . Bane , get it ! like rebane ! I hate myself .
when Paris be burning come out , I totally dismiss it . I be not into the whole Madonna and vogue phenomenon . I think it be go to be campy and silly . how wrong I be about this movie . I watch it after the movie have be out for ten year and I run out and buy it . it take I back to a time and place of fun and excitement . I feel as though I know all of the character personally . the 80s be spectacular and the movie capture the essence of the gay culture . what a terrific job ! I go on the internet and find out what some of the original cast member be do now but I have not be able to locate all of they . if any one have any information on any of the cast member please let I know . <br /> <br /> I hope they make another documentary . I love it
First of all there be Gujarati Theatre then there be Bollywood . both have they strength and fan following . Director Vipul Shah should look elsewhere instead of Gujarati Theatre when make a bollywood production . first he make Aankhen -lrb- adapt from a Gujarati play -rrb- - which have a unique plot , but could not hold as a Hindi film . now he be adapt another Gujarati play and name it waqt - a race against time . in sum , the emotion be alien . the plot development be not for Hindi film . for example , the role play between father and son be best leave to Gujarati Theatre - do not bring it in a Hindi film . even the comedy track be best leave for the gujarati stage . all performance be average - nothing to shout about - bar Shefali Chhaya Shah who be fantastic .
`` Shore leave '' be mostly a average Star Trek adventure . nothing wrong with the episode , though . I simply think that this be not the best representation of what the show have to offer to fan . it be lightweight entertaining , nothing more . however , I be glad to see that a tv show of this type have enough good sense to take a break from serious intergalactic conflict . in this episode , Kirk decide to grant he crew some time off , and a landing party be beam down to a planet that look like the perfect place for a vacation . as usual , the planet be not as peaceful as it appear to be . there be some action and tense moment , but most of the story be play for laugh . good , but unexceptional .
if Fassbinder have make a worse film , I sure do not want to see it ! anyone who complain that he film be too talky and claustrophobic should be force to view this , to learn to appreciate the more spare style he opt for in excellent film like `` the Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant '' . this film bog down with so much arty , quasi-symbolic image it look like a parody of a `` art-film '' . the scene in the slaughterhouse and the scene where Elvira 's prostitute friend channel-surf for what seem like ten minute be just two of the most glaring example of what make this film a real test of the viewer 's endurance . but what really anger I about it be the few scene which feature just Elvira and she ex-wife and/or she daughter . these be the only moment that display any real human emotion , and prove that at the core of this horrible film , there be a excellent film struggle to free itself . what a waste .
Cut to the chase , this be one of the five worst film that I have ever see . <br /> <br /> not that they do not try . there be some decent writing with some element of structure in there , a good cast , some good acting . I be not sure where it go wrong , but it go horribly wrong . <br /> <br /> some of the element may have be bad structure and no substantive story , a lot of overacting by the lead -lrb- who probably be much better when restrain -rrb- , some bad directing and editing . I have enough at about a hour , tear my hair out at about a hour and a half and very agitate at the hour and fifty minute it run . there be also a insincerity about it all , be that I go with someone who use to be a heroin addict . he be agitate that it glamorize something that have nothing good to it . that be bolster by the pretty 17 year-old girl who be in love with the 30 year-old junkie . <br /> <br /> and the frantic nature of the lead be a turn-off enough . there be clunky plot point that be a attempt at a structure , but the end result be listless and unending -lrb- with uneven time line -rrb- . the character be colorful but to no end , which make I feel bad for the quality actor who you have just not see enough . <br /> <br /> skip it . I assume that this be a first-time director who be enamor by he own turd , but he have do this before . I be puzzle how this and many other really bad idea find someone who will actually give they money .
it be the tag-line `` in the tradition of american Pie '' that fool I into rent this movie . what I get be a piece of junk in the style of Jackass , with the major difference that compare to this Jackass the movie seem like a Citizen Kane . <br /> <br /> this movie make I regret that I reward other movie with 1 out of 10 , because now I can not go beneath that . this one make quite some bad movie look like cinematic feat . <br /> <br /> I actually turn it off after 45 minute , and that be something I very rarely do . but it be just too plain boring , stupid , uninteresting and unnecessary . <br /> <br /> can not believe some people actually reward this with 10 out of 10 . what do you parent do ? drop you on the head when you be just a child ? or be it the very first movie you ever see , so you get nothing to compare it to ? be you still a virgin and be breast all you ever think off ? something must be wrong , at least . <br /> <br /> my advice : stay clear of this one . even if you in the mood for a simple movie that do not require thinking , choose something else , or you 'll regret it for sure .
we go into this movie because my husband have enjoy the original version of ` my favourite Martian ' . we have we 6 year old daughter with we . she want to leave halfway through the movie which be fine with both she parent ! the part we do see be only occasionally humorous , mostly either too silly or gross . I would expect that this movie might appeal to kid between 9-12 , if that . it be definitely not suit for younger child . from what I have hear the original series be by far superior and if you be go to `` relive the past '' you 'll probably be disappoint .
Red Rock West -lrb- 1993 -rrb- <br /> <br /> Nicolas Cage get embroil in a deadly crime without at first know it , and the domino lead to increase peril , adventure and misadventure in the wild forlorn american west of the 1990s . Red Rock West be often brutal and sometimes hilarious , and Cage pull off the mixture with he usual sardonic wit and wary ease . <br /> <br /> be the plot over the top ? yes . be Dennis Hopper perfect as a craze , almost likable killer ? yes . do Cage stand a chance ? well , you have to watch and see . it never let up , and it take I by surprise the first time I see it . on second viewing yesterday , I be surprise at how well it hold up , how well construct it be , and how macabre and funny it be at the same time . <br /> <br /> director Ron Dahl -lrb- who also help write -rrb- be know more for he tv work , but with Rounders and this film he show a deft hand with sensational plot . it be save by its humor by the way , and by the caricature . the bar be sleazy , the cop questionable . and do not miss a really inspired cameo by Dwight Yoakam as a truck driver .
this movie look like it be go to be really funny . I be very excite to see it but be very disappointed . it be very unrealistic . the plot be also pretty weak . I be expect it to be really funny but the joke be not even that good . I be also really disappoint with the end . I would not recommend this movie to anyone .
if you like horror movie with lot of blood and gore , ton of jump-scare moment and unrelenting , escalate scene of excruciating death , then look elsewhere . if you like quiet , moody , thoughtful horror which cast blood aside in favor of a genuine feeling of dread , then Wendigo be for you . <br /> <br /> Thoughtful , stress out George , he psychoanalyst wife Kim and they young son Miles be head out to the snowy countryside for a long weekend vacation away from the city . on the way up , George hit a stag with he car . the hunter who have be pursue the deer be not thrill when they find that George have end they chase . in particular , deranged hunter Otis take it personally . he follow the family to they vacation home , make sure they see he . he spy on George and Kim as they have sex . he fire through they window with he rifle when they be not home , let they discover the ominous hole in they window and wall when they return . when Kim take Miles to the drugstore in town , Miles be attract to a small sculpture in a display case , carve to resemble a man with the head of a stag . a native american man tell Miles that this be the Wendigo , a spirit of the wood who have a taste for flesh and be always hungry . Miles take the figure home with he , already haunt by the death of the deer the day before . that afternoon , when he and he father go sledding , George be shoot and Miles pursue through the wood by a creature barely glimpse ... or be he just in shock , and imagine the whole thing ? hour later , George be rush to the hospital and Miles , still clutch he statue , either faint , dream or go on a vision quest , in which the Wendigo return . this time the angry , flesh eating god - part tree , part stag and part man - be hunting for Otis , who have finally go over the edge . <br /> <br /> Wendigo be a beautifully make film , almost totally silent but for the wind howl through the snow cover tree . okay , so the monster itself be kind of fakey-looking , but it be a small flaw , more than make up for by the genuine feeling of tension and dread that creep through every frame of the film , and the eerie backdrop of the silent , snowy countryside . the performance be great , particularly by Jake Weber as the moody and thoughtful George and Patricia Clarkson as he sweet but no-nonsense wife . they be a happy couple with they share of common problem , and it be the strength of they relationship and they love for each other that make this film powerful . watch this film be often like watch someone 's home video , so realistic be the performance . <br /> <br /> this movie be not for everyone . a lot of people may find themselves totally bore , wait for the hideous Lovecraftian beast and bloody revenge that never come . we can never really be sure if the Wendigo even exist , see as it be through the eye of a sensitive child and also , later , through the eye of a madman . this be more a psychological drama than a horror film , but it have more than enough creepy element in it to satisfy fan of subtle horror .
a rousing adventure form director George Stevens -lrb- before he would turn to more serious fare such as 1948 's I remember mama and 1956 's giant -rrb- that set the standard for all future action yarn to follow . loosely base on Rudyard Kipling 's poem of the same , GUNGA DIN follow the journey of three military officer in 19th century India . the noble trio must brave a series of battle and other various danger include a thuggee cult and a temple full of gold . they screen adventure remain thrilling even after more than six decade , and have lend inspiration to nearly everything from the cliffhanger-inspired space opera star war -lrb- 1977 -rrb- to the similarly-plotted RAIDERS of the lost arc -lrb- 1981 -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the biggest reason for the picture 's success , however , be the pitch-perfect performance by the film 's trio of extremely charismatic actor . Victor McLaglen have rarely be better as the strap tough guy , Cary Grant be the ultimate comic foil , and Douglas Fairbanks , Jr be as suave a swashbuckling hero as imaginable - perhaps even more so than rival Errol Flynn . the chemistry between the three actor simply could not be improve upon , and such warm and believable comradely be precisely what be miss from most modern action picture - and they receive tremendous support from the marvelous Sam Jaffe , who overcome the obvious physical miscasting and make the title character a beacon of humane sweetness and quiet strength . a huge hit in its day -lrb- the film be reportedly the second-biggest money maker of 1939 behind the outrageously successful GONE with the wind -rrb- , and it remain arguably the best film of its kind .
the Write word <br /> <br /> what you see be what you get . not really ! what Madhur Bhandarkar 's brave and brilliant ` Page 3 ' do be destroy the myth attach to the glam and glitterati that colour the page of we newspaper and whose life -lrb- read party habit -rrb- we follow with such maniacal fervour which only we intrinsic voyeuristic streak can explain . <br /> <br /> the page 3 phenomenon be as deplorable as it be enigmatic . how exactly do it gain such control over the print word and when do it start to encroach into the front page be subject for another debate . Bhandarkar cleverly avoid that . he be concern only with the mechanism of this grotesque existence . and in do that , he piece together the various element of this way of life . like Robert Altman -lrb- although I be not compare Bhandarkar to Altman 's genius -rrb- , Bhandarkar use myriad character to further he motive . whether it be a page 3 wannabe NRI , the gate-crasher , the newly-rich , a upcoming model , a socialite politician or a erotic novellum authoress ; all the character be introduce with a objective and each of they have a separate character-sketch , even if they part may be miniscule . and therein lay the film 's appeal . <br /> <br /> Konkona Sen Sharma play Madhavi Sharma , a young and talented journalist who cover page 3 for Nation Today . initially content with she job , she soon begin to see the ugliness of this underbelly that be cover by its fake and cosmetic profligacy . but Bhandarkar resist the temptation to make this subject into a moral-policing movie and avoid concentrate on one character alone . hence the movie be not only about Madhavi , but also equally about Deepak Suri -lrb- Boman Irani -rrb- - Madhavi 's editor who passively accept he role as a cog of a larger machinery , Anjali Thapar -lrb- Soni Razdan -rrb- - a socialite suffocate from the social pollution , Abhijeet -lrb- Rehan Engineer -rrb- - a homosexual make-up artist and Madhavi 's roommate Pearl -lrb- Sandhya Mridul -rrb- - the sassy airhostess and Gayatri -lrb- Tara Sharma -rrb- - a aspiring actress . it seem like a impossible task to assimilate so many character -lrb- and more -rrb- in one story , but full credit to Nina Arora and Manoj Tyagi for pen a tight screenplay . the dialogue by Sanjeev Datta and Bhandarkar have be write with great attention to detail . <br /> <br /> any narrative , no matter how good , can fall flat with the lack of genuine performance . thankfully , ` Page 3 ' brim with actor and not star . Konkona go through she author-backed role with effortless ease . Ditto Boman . Sandhya Mridul get the best write part , but almost overdo it . Atul Kulkarni be waste though with a underwritten character . at time , the director seem too keen to incorporate as much as possible -lrb- paedophilia , homosexuality , etc. -rrb- . but the context in which they be use do not make they look rush . <br /> <br /> ultimately , Bhandarkar 's attempt be to satiate we voyeurism , but he take it a step further . he take we inside the photograph and expose we to the gruesome reality of this sect of humanity that strangely seem to be live in a different and remote world . these be the same people that indulge in new-year 's revelry while a few hundred kilometer away they fellow countryman have be ravage by nature 's ferocity ! clever writing , skillfully incorporate song , able performance and a genuine feeling of sincerity be what make this film worthy in spite of its lack of finesse and poor production value . ` Page 3 ' be a optimum way to enter a new year of cinema . <br /> <br /> - Abhishek Bandekar <br /> <br /> Rating - **** <br /> <br /> * Poor ** average *** good **** very good ***** excellent <br /> <br /> 29th January , 2005
this be one of the worst film I have see in year !! you could randomly pluck 5 people off the street and they could act better than anyone in this film . absolute waste of time watch it . I only give it a 2 as I like gory film but this be just plain rubbish . the acting -lrb- and I use that term very loosely -rrb- be abysmal , someone please tell I that the 5 main actor in this be make they first ever film ?? do not waste you time watch this . Hostel be a better film by some way . I can not believe that someone have spend money make this , I hope for the producer sake it only cost $ 50,000 to make - it look like a school project , make by kid who have not get a clue . do this even make it to the cinema ??
one of Cary Grant 's most enduring comedy be Mr. Blandings build he dream House . although judge by the size of it the dwelling would be a dream mansion today . still Cary be make a good living in the advertising field even though he be have a devil of a time try to come up with a slogan for ham with the brand name of wham . <br /> <br /> what make this film so popular be the housing shortage of the post World War II year . return veteran from the war be claim they entitlement under the GI Bill of Rights which include home loan . the problem be there literally be not enough house to satisfy the demand . around the time the book by Eric Hodgins and the film be so popular Congress pass and President Truman sign the Taft-Ellender - Wagner Housing law which put the government for the first time in the home building business . <br /> <br /> I have a uncle and aunt who be around the same time build they own home which they move into in the early fifty . like Cary Grant and Myrna Loy they have two daughter and be look to get out of inner city Rochester . they place be not quite as grand as a house in Connecticut with eighteen room , still they live there the rest of they life the way Cary and Myrna most likely do . <br /> <br /> of course it be expensive and the cost just keep add up and up , threaten to send Cary to the cleaner . Cary and Myrna also have Melvyn Douglas around to offer counsel , usually too late . truth be tell he be kind of sweet on Myrna and Cary know it . <br /> <br /> Myrna Loy 's role be simply a extension of Nora Charles . if you can imagine the Charles 's move to the country and William Powell have the headache Cary Grant do , the film would still work just fine . <br /> <br /> Mr. Blandings build he dream House still work well as comedy because the situation be universal . and this review be dedicate to my Uncle Walter and Aunt Kate who live in they dream house together for over 40 year .
Jacknife be a war movie that be just about as far remove from the war as war movie get . it can hardly be classify as a war film , because the only way that any war have a effect on the story or the character be in they memory of it , and even these we be hardly ever show . it pose very interesting question about life , especially in the way that the movie 's tagline say that only one of they be really alive -lrb- and by the way , even though the tagline refer only to Dave -lrb- Ed Harris -rrb- and meg -lrb- Robert DeNiro -rrb- , it be talk about all three of the character in the film -rrb- . Dave and Megs be friend in the Vietnam war , and Megs have return to take Dave out on a fishing trip that they have be plan for a lot longer than you might have guess . <br /> <br /> DeNiro provide a perfect performance of the character of Megs , who we be not really sure if we should like or if he really be as nut as Martha think he be . Dave remind Martha several time that Megs be not he friend , just someone he know . there be a great scene early in the film where Megs have go out to grab a six pack of beer from he car for breakfast , and he be just around the corner of the room when Dave say this . Megs pause for a moment and then proceed into the room with a smile and a huge greet . it be not until later that you realize how Megs must have feel when he hear that , have be the one to remember what they have plan to do on this day . it remind I of the fakeness of the old , ` sure , let 's do that , ' thing that people so often say to each other , never have any plan to do any such thing . <br /> <br /> Ed Harris deliver a wonderful performance as Dave , who never get over the effect that the war have on he . even so many year later he have not manage to get over the death of a friend during the war , blame himself to this day for it and thus drown he life in alcohol , cigarette , and loneliness . all he want , he say , be for people to leave he alone . this be not a man who be live he life the way he want , whether people actually leave he alone or not , he be a man try to forget that he be alive , to detach himself from the world of the living as much as possible . <br /> <br /> he sister Martha remind I of myself , at least in term of my roommate . I have two roommate who be 21 and 24 year old , and both act like they still live with they mother , expect they mess to just go away when they leave the room for a while . one on particular -lrb- the older one , sadly enough -rrb- , have absolutely no clue how to care for himself , I be surprised I do not have to wipe he chin while he eat . Martha have to do much the same for she brother , who she wait on hand and foot while he stagger through life from one hangover to the next . Martha and Dave be stick in a stagnant life and neither of they can get out of it until something major change , and Dave be the one that need to do the change . <br /> <br /> I tend to complain about romance in movie where it just do not belong about as much as Roger Ebert complain about those pathetic little tension device , the red digital readout . but in this case , I do not think that the romance that develop between Megs and Martha have any adverse affect on the rest of the movie . on the contrary , it make it that much more interesting , because it be not predictable . the problem with the romantic subplot in Bruckheimer movie and whatnot be that they be so predictable that you just wait for the obvious end to come and hope that something interesting happen along the way . in this case , however , it be not as obvious that something be go to happen between Megs and Martha because we do not know enough about Megs . Martha could be right about he , that he be one of Dave 's crazy war buddy and that he be not the kind of man that she should be date . Dave certainly encourage this idea . <br /> <br /> -lrb- spoiler -rrb- a couple year after this movie , DeNiro do Cape fear , where he play a deranged criminal out for revenge against the lawyer that land he in prison , a character that , in retrospect , make it pretty easy to think that maybe at the end of Jacknife Martha realize she mistake , get rid of Megs , and she and Dave make up because he save she from a horrible relationship and then he decide to clean up he act because he have do something good for she . I be half expect this to happen , so I be pleasantly surprise when Martha and Megs wind up together and even more pleasantly surprise when Megs ask Dave all the question about what they have plan to do after the war be over . <br /> <br /> at time this be a slow move drama , but Jacknife be entertaining along the way and have a huge payoff at the end , which amazingly manage to be sappy without be cheesy . there be a almost excess of emotion at the end of the film that scarcely fit with the rest of the movie , but it be so good that it do not dumb down anything that the movie have accomplish up to that point . everyone involve give a wonderful performance , and it be one of those rare film that just about make you want to stand up and shake you fist victoriously in the air .
I have always be enthusiastic about period drama , a art form in which the BBC have excel in the past . this presentation of `` Byron '' be unbelievable . unbelievably bad ! the script be dreadful , the act uninspired , and all the character woefully insipid . apparently Byron be `` mad bad and dangerous to know '' , and set the lady heart all-a-flutter . not in this production . here he appear as a tawdry jumped-up little squirt instead of a fiery hero of womenfolk and the greek struggle for independence . it be say that Byron walk with a limp . this portrayal of the man be just limp all over . <br /> <br /> I watch the whole two and a half hour wait for something to spark into life . not a splutter , not even a glimmer . it be utter tedium , if not downright boredom , from start to finish . <br /> <br /> have the opinion that no-one will ever better the Bard of Avon , I also believe that Byron 's poetry be over-revered and to my mind should be fling on the back burner , and this dramatisation of he life should be accord the same treatment . <br /> <br /> I think the BBC lose its nous with this one
do not let the name of this film deceive you , in reality jake speed the character be quite possibly the laziest action hero ever know to film . when Jake speed be not save virgin girl from evil madman , which he be often not , he be seriously relax . perhaps this add to he charm , but in my opinion a action hero be not suppose to `` chill out '' whenever he get the chance . furthermore , unlike other daring hero who usually have a impressive list of talent , this man have none , unless of course you call sleep a talent . anyhow , this movie be basically worthless , the writing be sub par and the action , when there be some , be very lame . -lrb- the machine gun on the jeep be not bad , but that be about it -rrb- so , if you be in the mood to watch a movie that be a cure for insomnia , then this piece be perfect for you - it have a hero that not only put himself to sleep , but also he audience .
I be fully amp up to see this film . I have be wait a year for it to be clear down here in New Zealand . I should not have build myself up so much because it be so disappointing and be without a doubt Clark 's worst film there be so much wrong with this film . First off , some of the acting be great , in particular Nick Stahl as ` the Bully ' , and the girl with the curly brown hair -lrb- I can not recall she name -rrb- , but most of it be so out of touch and incredibly unbelievable , especially Leo Fitzpatrick . he be a veteran of Clark 's film now and he be so brilliant in ` kid ' , but in ` Bully ' he invest he line with such solemnity as to turn he scene into a parody virtually . the screenplay feel like it have be write by a first year film student . no sorry , a high school student ... one who have never see a movie before . and I could not fathom Clark 's intention . be he try to point out the meaningless of these kid ' existence ? it sure as hell do not stop he get in a damn good perv . I be no prude but I do not need to see teenage breast and buttock every 5 minute . I still maintain that Clark 's best film be ` another day in Paradise ' . it be fantastic and I do not think he 'll ever top it .
Louis Creed , a doctor from Chicago , move to a large house near a small town , since he be go to be give class in the University of Maine 's . along with he , be he wife Rachel and they two kid , Ellie and Gage , as well as Ellie 's cat , Church . soon , they meet they new neighbor , and old man name Judd Crandall.Judd not only warn Louis and Rachel about the danger that be the highway that run past they house -lrb- that be constantly a way use by big truck -rrb- but also show to the family a pet cemetery that be located near they house . judd start to talk about the importance of the pet cemetery , but Rachel be against to talk about death and spirituality with she child , since she have trauma from she sister Zelda 's death . <br /> <br /> during the first week of the family in the new house , Louis already have dead people to deal with : Victor Pascow , a student who have be fatally injure in a automobile accident , address he die word to Louis personally , even though the two man be stranger . on the night follow Pascow 's death , Louis experience what he believe be a very vivid dream in which he meet Pascow , who lead he to the pet cemetery and warn Louis to not `` go beyond , no matter how much you feel you need to . '' Louis wake up in bed the next morning convince it be only a dream , until he discover he foot and the bedsheet cover with dirt and pine needle . anyway , he dismiss the dream . many strange thing start to happen and Church , Ellie 's cat , die while walk on the highway . Louis stay worry in how he be go to talk about Church 's death with Ellie , but Judd , sympathize with he , Jud take Louis to the pet cemetery , supposedly to bury Church . but instead of stop there , jud lead Louis farther on a frightening journey to `` the real cemetery '' : a ancient burial ground that be once use by the Micmac -lrb- ' ... Indians ... ' -rrb- . there Louis bury the cat on Jud 's instruction , with jud say that animal bury there have come back to life . and that be where the real horror story begin ... <br /> <br /> I personally find this movie very good . it be not the most horrifying of all , but it be one of the best horror movie I watch . the way gage die , be almost impossible to not stay in you memory , specially be a toddler . it be cool to see Stephen King 's cameo as the minister of the funeral . <br /> <br /> of course , there be some script error : how can a rich doctor with two small kid , go to live in a place where there be a dangerous highway near he house ? how Gage have no scratch or anything after be hit by a truck ? why Louis continue to resurrect every member of he family know they be all go to stay like monster ? thing like that do not make any sense , but I can understand that all horror 's script need to have some surreal idea to work . <br /> <br /> a good thing I see in this movie , be the necessity to talk about death with the child , no matter what be you religion or if you be a atheist , and also that avoid important subject do not help anything . because of Louis be afraid to be honest with Ellie , confront she and say that she cat would not be back again , all the nightmare begin .
if you want to learn the basics of quantum mechanic , spend you $ 9 on a use textbook , not this movie . I be a little worried that the money I spend be be use to buy Kool-Aid for shipment to Guyana . <br /> <br /> I do not think the director really get any point across , but it look like maybe they be try to make several : 1 -rrb- science can explain everything we do , mean that we life be deterministic ; 2 -rrb- science can not be use to explain everything we do , mean that we have free will ; 3 -rrb- science be , like , really cool , brother ; 4 -rrb- we be God ; 5 -rrb- the world exist only in we mind ; 6 -rrb- Sarah Norman be a tough role to follow and 7 -rrb- here , put this tiny paper square in you mouth and you 'll see some really groovy stuff .
Riget II be a good sequel , but not quite as good as the first one . this series do not seem to be quite as serious as the first one . there be much more comedy in this , good one , though . <br /> <br /> we be back at the danish Rigshospitalet , the danish national hospital . Mrs. Drusse be just about to leave the hospital as she work be do , but fate want 's it otherwise . she be soon chase ghost and Helmer be do everyone mad and it be soon to get much worse as black power be unleash in the Kingdom . <br /> <br /> this story involve a lot more comedy that the previous . by all means lot of fun , but it make you take the series a little less serious . the story have keep a lot of element from the last series and add some new one . it be well write , but some of the new element be just kind of silly , but they save it by make it more like a comedy . good story , but not as good , original and thrilling as the first series . <br /> <br /> the actor be the same with some addition to the regular cast . they be all very good . it be a odd story and setting . some part be a total freak show and the character change during the show so to keep it serious and keep it real be not a easy job . yet , these actor handle this whole situation perfectly . <br /> <br /> much of the good quality from the first series be keep intact . the cinematography be one of those quality . the hand-held camera that make Trier world famous give suspense and reality to the series . it give the camera a unique ability to move and follow the character and Trier make use of these ability . good , movement , great lightning and good composition and editing make this enjoyable to watch . <br /> <br /> be prepare to see better effect in this sequel that in the first . also be prepare to see some more . I do not think that green thing look all too good . Thought it be unoriginal and do not fit . never the less , the effect like the ghost be really good . the non-digital effect look good too . little Brother look just really odd , but you accept it . all over I would say effect be from ok to good . <br /> <br /> the music be also quite good . Moody and nice . some of it be really touching . it fit really nice . as the first one there be rather little music in the action scene and it work very well . <br /> <br /> all together this make a good sequel . if you would see Riget you can see this one without be disappoint . it have many of the same quality as the first series . however , I would recommend see the first series before see this . these two make up a series you do not wan na miss .
wow i payed # 3.50 to go see this movie at the cinema . cant believe i waste my time . the acting be cringe worthy at best and the special effect be crude . probarly the worst script in history some extremely embarrassing quote i have ever hear in my life . I swear to god ` sweep away ' be better than this . Madonna should of win and Oscar compare to these guy . a hour and a half of my life i want back . honestly people do not see this , even toddler would find this movie a insult to they intelligence . i find this movie very strange in the fact that it be hard to tell who be more wooden , theses guy here of the actual puppet . plea guy do not waste you time on this movie you will live to regret it .
this be one military drama I like a lot ! Tom Berenger play military assassin Thomas Beckett . this Marine be no-nonsense , in you face , and no question ask kind of person who get the job do . there you have Billy Zane -lrb- `` The Phantom '' and other -rrb- who play Richard Miller , a former SWAT form D.C. , work for the government and take order only from they . who need a bureaucrat ? I do not ! when these two be paired , spark should be fly . and how . however , Beckett teach the young bureaucrat on how it work . when the other sniper hit , it be wit vs. wit , cat vs. mouse , gunman vs. gunman . and when the seasoned sniper be catch , it be up to Miller to put politics aside and save he . who need politics when you a pro like Beckett , he take order from no one but himself , play by the rule and not the book , and mutual respect be bring out despite the politics . the movie be a direct hit . watch it . Rating 4 out of 5 star .
well , I can honestly say that this be the first time that I experience a film that have literally no meat or potato in it . the entire film feel like it be just the salad with no main course . the story line be fallible and laughable , the character be one-dimensional , the realism be out the window , and the animation be do by four-year old . do that cover it ? I have never be more embarrassed for a concept in my entire life . I have never read the comic or see the other program with this character , but from the look of the other review I be not off base with my observation . <br /> <br /> to begin , the story move too quickly . for someone new to this character and situation , I need more build into create the reason instead of find the solution . I have see other Anime -lrb- if you could call this one a anime -rrb- that do great thing with they character because they take the time to develop they . there be nothing set aside for Lady Death . in a few short scene , we see she train with cremator and instantly become this aggressive she-beast of Hell . this be hard for I to swallow , consider moment before she be introduce as this weak and feeble woman control by she father . suddenly , she be immerse with hatred and can do battle with a existence that have be around for million of year . this be absurd . the presentation of Lady Death be poor , to say the least . I feel as if she be nothing more than a animated character instead of a desperate woman with revenge on the mind . for I , it just do not work . she be nothing more than eye-candy for prepubescent boy want to ogle the mass quantity of skin that she suddenly grow on she chest when training with cremator . oh , I feel sick just watch she . the same go for the character of Cremator . who be this random person ? the explanation they give be not enough , and instead I be leave with more incoherent babbling than actual development . it be a very sad day in Hell when we forgo character to show more violence and action , especially in a animated feature . <br /> <br /> Next , there be Lucifer himself . let I just say that I think I could do battle with the King of Hell and survive . he be weak , he voice be laughable , and he just do not represent the image that I have in my mind . it be as if Disney be in control and want to make he semi-pc . he lack the darkness and corrupt nature that Lucifer embody . he be not the ruler of Hell , but instead just a lackey that have a bigger place to live . speak of live or die , how can you die again in Hell ? that be a concept that definitely need more explanation . most of the character be worry about die , when they do not even consider the option that they be already dead . that be how they get to Hell . I think it be this level of think that ruin the film for I . I do not quite capture the notion that you soul be still in a solid body in Hell , but that could just be I ... or maybe it be because there be no DEVELOPMENT in this story . there be nothing build , just prepare . <br /> <br /> the battle sequence be hysterically bad . the animation in this cartoon feel like it be make in the early 90s . there be nothing impressive about the way that this film be draw . why be we , America , so behind on animation ? it be huge in Asia , and it be creep in hardcore here because we keep make film like Lady Death that do not challenge or use any part of imagination . we be cheap , and this film show it . <br /> <br /> overall , this film be bad . the animation couple with the horrendous voice work be cheap . I have head somewhere that this film as in production for a long time , which be hard to understand because I think I could have make this film on my credit card . the production be horrendous as well as the story . nothing be develop , leave huge gaping plot hole that nearly everyone fall into . the strength of the character be miss , and nothing be explain . I waste my time with this one and would like to warn other so that when death do come , you do not find yourself in my state and regret the fact that you waste 80 minute on this piece of garbage . <br /> <br /> blah ! <br /> <br /> Grade : * out of *****
Moonwalker be such a great movie , from start to finish you cant take you eye away . i love all the clip of Michael singing and dancing and I just love the ` studio tour ' bit ... soo funny :-rrb-_NN and the ` mini movie ' be to cool , with all the special fx etc. . . Michael be a genius and always will be !!!
in my humble opinion , this movie do not receive the recognition it deserve . Robert Redford live near I here in Provo , Utah , at Sundance . I enjoy most of he work , and this be my favorite . I be sorry that more people do not appreciate it . my grandmother be a avid reader and read the book year before it come out on the big screen . she give it to I to read after we have see the movie together . the movie and book hit a emotional spot within my heart , and I be weepy for several day after see the movie . sometimes love be not enough to keep we love one from hurt themselves . we see this in we own family relationship , yet we love and we family and they story endure throughout generation of time . the cinematography be perfect and breathtaking -- I be awed by its beauty and how well it bring to life the word of the author of the book , Norman Maclean , `` but when I be alone in the half light of the canyon , all existence seem to fade to a be with my soul , and memory . and the sound of the Big Black Foot River , and a four count rhythm , and the hope that a fish will rise . eventually , all thing merge into one , and a river run through it . the river be cut by the world 's great flood and run over rock from the basement of time . on some of the rock be timeless raindrop . under the rock be the word , and some of the word be theirs . I be haunt by water . '' these word , take from the book and speak at the end of the movie -lrb- by Robert Redford who be narrate as Norman Maclean -rrb- , be basically scripture , in my opinion . any possible flaw the movie may have be overshadow by the beauty and grace of the story and the cinematography . it be beautiful !
Walt Disney & he 9 Old Men put they own 1950 spin on the classic fairy tale of Cinderella , which I guess you could say help form a unofficial `` fairy tale princess trilogy '' from the classic Disney year . <br /> <br /> the plot : Cinderella be a nice girl who can not catch a break . she be the daughter of a nice , wealthy widower who love she dearly , but she mother pass away when Cinderella be very young , and Cindy 's father feel she need a mother figure , so he eventually marry the woman who would become know as Lady Tremaine , herself a widow with two daughter about the same age as Cinderella , Anastasia and Drizella . at first they all seem to get along , but then Cinderella 's father die , and Lady Tremaine 's true nature be reveal - she be a cold , cruel , callous , heartless , mean spirited woman , and she pass those trait on to she daughter , who be spoil , bratty , and equally mean spirited . Anastasia & Drizella hate Cinderella because they know deep down that she be better look and a overall nicer , more attractive lady than themselves -lrb- i.e. , more appealing to man -rrb- , and they mother , Lady Tremaine , hate Cindy for pretty much the same reason . as the year pass Lady Tremaine begin to squander the family fortune in a stubborn but futile quest to improve/refine she awkward , unattractive daughter -lrb- to call they `` homely '' would be a insult to homely people everywhere -rrb- while all three relegate Cinderella to be the multi-tasking servant of the house , abuse she , mistreat she and humiliating she every chance they get -lrb- they be particularly fond of increase she already absurd workload -rrb- . that bring we to Cinderella in the present , where she have blossom into a good look young lady who somehow manage to remain kind hearted and nice despite she abusive step family and hold on to the hope that one day the table will turn in she favor . <br /> <br /> Cinderella get she shot at freedom & happiness when a royal ball be hold to introduce the local prince to a eligible young maiden so that he can take she as a wife , settle down , start a family , etc. . naturally , she step family try to keep she from attend , even go so far as to physically assault she and rip up the dress she have procure for herself -lrb- with a little help from she mouse friend - the dress belong to she biological mother -rrb- . finally push beyond she breaking point , Cinderella run out into the courtyard and cry in despair . it be at that point that she Fairy Godmother , a short , plump , jolly woman , arrive and provide Cinderella with transportation and a transform dress -lrb- after all , Cinderella would not make a very good impression at the ball if she enter the scene look like she have just get gang rape -rrb- . Cindy arrive at the ball , the Prince fall hard for she , but that pesky midnight rule get in the way , force she to flee , but leave behind a glass slipper . make a long story short - after a long harrowing quest to find the mystery girl via try on the glass slipper , Cinderella be find and she and the prince get marry , give she the happy end she deserve . <br /> <br /> overall , a enjoyable Disney classic . not without its flaw , the most glaring of which be that the Prince be little more than a MacGuffin to help push the plot along - he have very little screen time and even less dialogue , so we never get to know he very well or get a good look at he relationship with Cinderella -lrb- which be unfortunate since , accord to the making of documentary , the Prince be originally mean to play a bigger role -rrb- , and a few additional scene to help flesh out Cinderella herself might have be helpful -lrb- there be a song that show she fantasize of turn into a army of maid to clean up the house as well as eavesdropping on she step-family post ball to show she amusement at they jealousy , which be cut because Walt himself think it make she look spiteful -rrb- . still , Cinderella herself be a likable enough heroine , even if she be upstage by she mouse friend , and there be a sweetness to the film that be become harder to find these day . of course , if this be be make now , Cinderella would probably put up more of a struggle against she family during the dress rip scene and would probably free herself in the climax -lrb- either by pick the lock herself or make a impractical yet exciting jump down from she window -rrb- but this be beside the point . <br /> <br /> and for all those who say Cinderella set a bad example for young girl , well , consider this - at least Cinderella do not go around get publicly drunk and indecently expose , unlike some modern day `` princess '' -lrb- you know who I mean -rrb- .
when I see the dentist , I think it be very cool . but this movie be not for everyone , especially people who do not like gory scene as the dentist have lot of gory scene . that be why it have it be r18 rating . it be about a beverly hill dentist Dr Alan Feinstone , who find he wife Brooke cheating on he with the poolman . it be best to go to you dentist `` before '' you watch this . but if you do not like go to the dentist already , then it be best not to watch this as you may be put off go for life . the Dentist have the best bloody revenge in it that I have ever see . who have ever see a movie that have a dentist -lrb- spoiler -rrb- pull out all he cheating wife 's tooth and cut out she tongue with no anesthetic ? overall awesome flick , but not for everyone .
this movie be a real disappointment to I . I have be a fan of Gram Parsons for a long time , and when i find out they be make a film about he i be very exit , I get the movie on VHS when it come out , and be sicken by what i saw , this film be not about he life , it be about the aftermath of he death . I think it would be a descent film about Grams Life and Music , but they have to make a film about he death . I be tired of hear about he death in book and movie , i want a film about he life , not he infamous death . I be very disappointed . I wish people would look at he life , more then he death . the only thing good about this film be its soundtrack . this film be a disappointment to any Gram Parsons Fan .
this movie be about a fictional soap opera . it be very fast and funny . to say anything else would ruin the movie . there be several plot and sub plot in the movie . this movie have ensemble cast with today 's hottest star . they all give over the top performance . this movie be favorite of mine from the year 1991 . Soapdish be perfect for fan of either daytime soap opera / or prime time soap opera !!! if you watch soap go check this movie it be hilarious !!!
I usually comment only on movie that I like , figure `` everyone to his/her own taste , '' but here I want to make a exception . the premise of this movie , which somehow seem to get lose in the shuffle , be that these two self-centered adult have a perfect right to go off to Las Vegas , get drunk , get marry , and inflict incalculable suffering upon they respective brood of child . even allow for the culturally sanction inebriation , they have neither the courage nor the sense of responsibility to wake up the next morning and undo what they have set in motion . after all , `` love '' be all that be important , be not it ? to hell with everybody else . whether or not thing `` work out in the end '' be really not the point ; in fact it be quite irrelevant . the point be that disrespect for other , especially if they be young person , and especially if they be in a position of dependency , be make light of and thereby reinforce by this movie . there be far more innocuous behavior these `` parent '' could have perform that would have bring down a army of social worker on they head in a heartbeat .
I have always like Johnny Concho and I wish this film be out on VHS and dvd . Frank Sinatra give one of the most unusual performance in he career in this one . <br /> <br /> when we first meet Frank in the film 's title role , he be the brother of a notorious gunfighter who be out of town at the moment . the brother strike terror in the heart 's of the town and Frank take full advantage of that to bully the townspeople safe and secure in he shadow . only Phyllis Kirk have any feeling for he . she be the daughter of storekeeper Wallace Ford and Dorothy Adams . <br /> <br /> two other gunman arrive William Conrad and Christopher dark and it turn out Conrad have kill Sinatra 's brother and he be come to he town to take over . they humiliate Sinatra and run he out of town . Kirk follow he . <br /> <br /> Overnight Sinatra turn from punk into coward and become a man search for some kind of backbone . it be a well act performance , almost as good as he Oscar nominate role in the man with a Golden arm . pity for some reason this have not be see for year . <br /> <br /> two other performance of note be Keenan Wynn as former gunfighter turn preacher who help Sinatra find what he need to stand up to Conrad and dark . and then there be Conrad in what I believe be he career role on screen . he be a villain of incredible malevolence , pure evil incarnate walking and talk on the silver screen . <br /> <br /> however what I like about Johnny Concho be the climax a unforgettable one where Conrad and dark be deal with . let 's just say I believe Johnny Concho be MGM 's answer to high noon and a primer for what you do when evil cause a break down in all law and order .
this familiar story of a older man/younger woman be surprisingly hard-edged . biker , hippie , free love and jail bait mix surprisingly well in this forget black-and-white indie effort . lead actress Patricia Wymer , as the titular `` candy , '' give the finest performance of she career -lrb- span all of 3 drive-in epic -rrb- . Wymer be precocious and fetch in the young graduate -lrb- 1971 -rrb- , but give a more serious performance in the babysitter . the occasional violence and periodic nudity be somewhat surprising , but well-handled by the director . lead Wymer and George E. Carey sell the May/December romance believably . there be enough similarity between the babysitter and the young graduate to make one wonder if the same director helm the latter film as well . Patricia Wymer , where be you ? <br /> <br /> hail from Seattle , WA , Miss Wymer have appear as a dancer on the tv rock and roll show MALIBU U , before grace the cover -lrb- as well as appear in a eight-page spread -rrb- of the August , 1968 issue of `` best for man , '' a tasteful adults-only magazine . she also appear as a coven witch in the popular 1969 cult drive-in shocker the witchmaker . <br /> <br /> the babysitter have finally make its home video debut , as part of the eight-film BCI box set DRIVE-IN CULT CLASSICS vol . 3 , which be available from Amazon.com and some retail store such as best buy .
the Brothers Quay be director , judge by conventional thought , should have stick to make short film . I myself actually really like they first feature , Institute Benjamenta , but judge by they sophomore effort , the Piano Tuner of Earthquakes , I be willing to agree they do not come close to equal they past genius at feature length . Piano Tuner be , without a doubt , a gorgeous film to look at , and often to listen to . unfortunately , it be borderline painful to sit through with its convoluted narrative and glacial pace . read the plot synopsis , it sound like a pretty good story . but the Brothers fail miserably to bring it to life . one thing they should consider avoid completely in the future : dialogue . my God , it be awful here . a huge bust .
this film be so bad - dialogue , story , actor and actress - everything ! - that it be hard to imagine that we 'll see a worse movie this year or in the follow year . `` Love 's Brother '' -lrb- set in Australia among italian immigrant -rrb- have nothing but shallow clichés about italian culture to offer , and it be quite tell that even the Italians from and in Italy speak ENGLISH in the film . the message of the film - ugly people have to marry ugly people , beautiful people have to marry beautiful people - be truly discomforting . Giovanni Ribisi be quite good in film like ` Suburbia ' or ` lose in translation ' , but here he pseudo-italian accent be hard to bear . see this film at you own risk . trash as trash can !
I think scarecrow be creepy , so it be a pity this movie do not make more of they . <br /> <br /> a bunch of robber do a emergency parachute from a plane into a enormous field with scarecrow . one of they go miss with the loot and so the rest chase he down while be set upon by inexplicably evil scarecrow . the acting be hammy and the scarecrow unimpressive -lrb- when they move -rrb- . on the positive side , the director do get some suspense out of the static scarecrow . it be as Alfred Hitchcock say , `` a bomb under a table go off , and that be surprise . we know the bomb be under the table but not when it will go off , and that be suspense . ''
the first half of this movie be a pure delight . novel . funny . wonderful performance . a close knit brother and sister living in Manhattan fall for the same woman ! adult . bright . witty . what more could you ask . as a romantic comedy this start refreshing . it head into unexplored territory . and then it fall apart . <br /> <br /> it go from be a universal adult comedy to a coming-of-age coming-out-of-the-closet story that have be do many time before . what a disappointment . as a people film it begin with such promise . why do it need to turn into such a pedestrian `` I be who I be '' film . the freeze-frame end shot of Heather Graham 's jump in the air to celebrate `` she happiness at find herself '' underline the banality of the last part of the film . <br /> <br /> it could have be different . it could have be magical . it end up be the same old same old .
kudos to Cesar Montano for revive the Cebuano movie ! panaghoy sa suba be very good -- it have the drama , the action , the romance , and scene that will make you laugh . <br /> <br /> while the story be not that original -lrb- a love triangle -- or make a four-cornered-love , japanese occupation , rebellion , American as lord -rrb- , its presentation be something cool , especially it use it original language -- bisaya for the Filipino , nipongo for the japanese and english for the American . <br /> <br /> this movie will go as one of this year 's best pinoy movie . <br /> <br /> go watch this !
up until the last few minute of the movie , I would have give the movie a score of 7 or 8 star . however , the end be so terrible and `` hollywoodized '' that it completely undermine the first 80 % of the movie . <br /> <br /> the plot revolve around a submarine and the possibility that they receive a order to fire they nuclear missile . the Captain , Gene Hackman , be all for launch , while he first officer , Denzel Washington , be in favor of confirm the launch order first . the problem be , to launch both the captain and 1st officer must simultaneously use they launch key . Hackman be determine to launch and Washington stand firm until eventually this result in armed insurrection aboard the sub . eventually , the mistake be discover and the missile be not launch . cool . however , here come the part that just do not ring true . after they be back on land and go before a review board , Washington and Hackman -lrb- who have just spend half the movie try to kill each other -rrb- shake hand and be all buddy buddy ! Huh ?! too trite a end to make the movie worth while for I .
I see where a few people involve in this debacle write review to share they side of the story , and I think what they write be helpful in understand it . the fact that they basically come up with excuse -- rewrite , budget constraint , production format etc -- simply underline how bad this movie be . and my criticism in panning it be not personally direct but simply a warning that this one do not make the cut . <br /> <br /> it be watchable , but barely so . there be plot hole in every corner , the dialogue border on the ridiculous , and the end be telegraph a mile away . the modestly interesting feature of a hologram interact with a recon team get drown in silly dialogue like who make a meal in the midst of what be suppose to be a tense and deadly encounter with a unknown enemy . would ya wrassle we up some Hamburger Helper Sally , between we get kill by these automate carpet sweeper ? apparently this elite team equip with the latest gizmo and red plastic tube wonder armor have no access to mre . once they get into the last room they treat the place more like a four star motel than a deadly encounter zone . <br /> <br /> the rationale for the encounter with the fearsome rook be that it can not be kill single handedly . yet only one scene ago , the hero make that case abandon King to do exactly that . Huh ? Vivian Woo be attractive and hand down the best act character in the movie . but that be not say much .
five-year-old Michael see he mother get ax to death by he serial killer father `` the Highwayman , '' who later commit suicide . `` 20 year later '' grow Mike -lrb- Gordon Currie , from PUPPET MASTER 4 and 5 -rrb- invite seven of he friend to he secluded grandparent home to `` master they own fear '' at a Halloween night costume party . Morty , a life-size wooden doll keep in the attic by the indian handyman , become possess by the dead father 's spirit and kill they off use they phobia . character be throw out a window , drown in a toilet , eat by rat , blow up , etc. . Morty morph into the dad and a tree , walk around and make stupid wisecrack . after find a girl chop up and stuff in a cardboard box , the character remain in the house , act cheerful , crack joke and have sex . <br /> <br /> the Morty design be good and Betsy Palmer -lrb- Mrs. Voorhees from the original Friday the 13th -rrb- be surprisingly delightful as the grandmother , but this thing be even more senseless and confusing than the original and be full of false scare , bad acting , brain-dead character , repeat flashback footage and annoy distorted camera-work . plus the only two minority character -lrb- the Indian and a half-black girl -rrb- be the first to die . blah !
this film feature Ben Chaplin as a bored bank employee in England who order a mail order bride from Russia , recieve Nicole Kidman in the mail and get more than he bargain for when , surprise , she be not what she appear to be . the story be fairly predictible and Chaplin underact too much to the point where he become somewhat anoying . Kidman be actualy rather good in this role , make she character about the only thing in this film that be interesting . grade : c
I can not understand why so many people praise this show . twin peak be one of the most boring title I have ever see in my life . <br /> <br /> now I have see all season 1 episode , and see season 2 episode 1 . simply I can not take this show anymore . <br /> <br /> 1 -rrb- where be the proper induction in criminal investigation ? <br /> <br /> in season 1 , there be a scene that agent Cooper throw stone to a bottle . can you guess why he do that ? he just want to identify murderer by do this ` joke ' while mention supernatural ability give by Tibet dream . wow !!! <br /> <br /> 2 -rrb- there be too many unnecessary scene in this show . <br /> <br /> for example , season 2 start with a ` funny ' scene that a dumb old man serve agent Cooper with a cup of milk while Cooper be lay down on the floor . -lrb- he get the gun shoot in he belly already . -rrb- this old man be do nothing but say some dumb comment . that be all . <br /> <br /> this scene be really boring and even long -lrb- 3 min 30 sec ... it be like Hell . -rrb- <br /> <br /> I would read some comic book rather than see this show anymore .
in a future society , the military component do not have to recruit ; rather , they candidate be choose at birth , cull from nursery and designate to spend they entire life in the service of the government . they be give over to the war machine , body and soul , for no reason other than to protect and serve ; they have no personal identity other than a name and rank , and no autonomy whatsoever . this be the fate of those whose destiny be predetermine for they in ` Soldier , ' direct by Paul Anderson and star Kurt Russell . the scenario be hard and bleak as the movie begin by depict the training of the soldier during advance period of time , from preadolescence to adulthood . Russell be Sergeant Todd , the best of the best , and we glimpse he career as he discharge he duty in a exemplary manner in campaign after campaign ; he be what he be bear to be , a soldier . but even the best can not go on forever , and the day arrive when Todd and he peer be no longer the elite . a new generation of soldier have be create , product of advanced genetics and technology , and Todd 's generation be suddenly obsolete . what follow be the story of a man who must fight for he life , while struggle to discover he own sense of humanity and individuality , trait new to a soldier who have know only two thing he entire life : fear and discipline . Russell give a commanding performance as Todd , the soldier who above all else must obey order without question while suppress all emotion and individual thought . he have few line in this movie , but Russell speak volume with he eye . this role demonstrate that he be , in fact , one of the under-appreciated actor of we time ; that he can disappear so entirely into the character of Todd be a credit to he ability , and with this part he have create someone quite different from any he be do before . and he be give Todd a depth and credibility that someone of lesser talent could easily have render as nothing more than a pretentious and superficial stereotype . notable performance be also turn in here by Connie Nielsen -lrb- Sandra -rrb- and Jason Isaacs -lrb- Colonel Mekum -rrb- . round out the support cast be Jason Scott Lee , memorable as caine 607 , one of the new generation of soldier ; Sean Pertwee -lrb- Mace -rrb- ; Gary Busey -lrb- Captain Church -rrb- ; Michael Chiklis -lrb- Jimmy Pig -rrb- ; and Mark Bringleson -lrb- Rubrick -rrb- . Anderson have deliver a action film with a message , a cautionary tale that transcend the genre of science-fiction . ` soldier ' remind we of the importance of keep the humanity of we life intact . it be a entertaining way of make we consider the alternative , like a bleak future and a world in which good movie just would not make a whole lot of difference . much like ` 1984 , ' and ` Mad Max , ' this movie , which be ultimately uplifting , be go to make you take pause and think about the kind of universe in which we all must live together and share . I rate this one 7/10 .
I guess there be some out there that remember Nicole Eggert from she little girl day on such tv show as T.J. Hooker , Charles in Charge , and who be the Boss ? you pervert , you ! maybe you remember she from Baywatch when she grow up and get breast implant . no matter , you will certainly forget she in this suppose comedy about man-eating alien . <br /> <br /> there be so many thing that do not make sense and be never explain . how do she recognize the alien ? why be the alien hot for paprika and cinnamon ? why do not the alien eat she ? you get the picture . <br /> <br /> before the alien eat she boyfriend and assume he identity , you get to see she in the body of Alex Meneses . this mexican/ukranian beauty be the only reason to watch this trash . Stay for the shower scene and the boyfriend , and go on about you business .
Eric Valette be obviously a talented film-maker , and so be the two guy who write the script . therefore Maléfique be a great flick , make with just a few buck but also ton of imagination . well , I be a bit exaggerate , but nevertheless I be sincere . so , if you like dark , gory movie , go and see this one . it be really worth it .
envy star some of the best . Jack Black , Ben Stiller , Amy Poehler , and the great Christopher Walken . with such a cast , one can only expect the best . however , with `` Envy '' , no one could save this disaster . <br /> <br /> Tim Dingman -lrb- Stiller -rrb- and Nick Vanderpark -lrb- Black -rrb- be best friend and co-worker at a sandpaper factory . both be make a decent living , but because Tim have a better performance at work , he be able to afford more than he buddy Nick . Nick be a dreamer who be always come up with new idea for invention . one day , Nick come up with the idea for a spray can that make dog poop disappear -lrb- yes , I be serious -rrb- . fall in love with the idea , Nick decide to really invent this product . he make a offer to Tim to invest in he idea and share the profit 50/50 . Tim refuse think the idea will never work . <br /> <br /> Nick 's invention , title `` va-poo-rize '' -lrb- again , i be serious -rrb- , end up make million . he enjoy spend he money on thing like a much larger house , a horse , a personal trainer , and fancy desert . Tim start feeling envy for Nick . hence the name of the movie . <br /> <br /> the concept be not bad , but it still turn out awful . this movie contain some of the worst dialog and very poor performance from all the cast . then again , as I mention earlier , none of they could save this mess . not even the great Christoper Walken , play a homeless character name `` j-man '' , make this movie funny . the movie be bad from the start and only continue to get worse . <br /> <br /> I recommend this movie if : * you like crap -lrb- no pun intend -rrb- * you want to see Jack Black in a white tux <br /> <br /> I say , avoid this movie at all cost , but avoid especially if : * you be offend by bathroom humor * you love animal
a mtv-style film crew consist of american t.v. programme producer Zack Zardine -lrb- Matt Borlenghi -rrb- he camerawoman , the australian Cecily -lrb- Kate Fisher -rrb- and two surfer ` dude ' name Bog Hall -lrb- Dax Miller -rrb- and Jeremy -lrb- Joel West -rrb- arrive on some nice look island somewhere , it be not actually reveal where . the crew plan to shoot a expose on ` bloodsurf ' which be apparently the latest craze in extreme sport . surfer throw bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract shark , just to see if they can out-surf they without be eat . once there they be greet by Sonny Lofranco -lrb- Cris Vertido -rrb- and he wife melba -lrb- Susan Africa -rrb- . they search for the perfect location lead they to the shark infested water of Lilo-Cay . Sonny , melba and they daughter Lemmya -lrb- Maureen Larrazabal -rrb- take they in they boat . soon after arrive and have already shoot some ` bloodsurf ' footage Sonny , melba and lemmya be all kill by a 30 foot saltwater crocodile that some say ` own ' the island . the boat be sink . Zack , Cecily , Bog and Jeremy appear stick on the island until such time a rescue party arrive . however , after a run in with some , erm well I do not really know what they be . pirate ? drug smuggler ? revolutionairy ? Fat ugly people who just do not like be with other people ? who know ? and more importantly who care ? not I that be for sure . anyway , after escape from these guy who look like pirate , they be pick up just off the coast of the island by Captain John Dirks -lrb- Duncan Regehr -rrb- and he girl Arty -lrb- Taryn Reif as Tara Reif -rrb- . the film crew believe they have be save . little do they know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks go way back and he have a score to settle and four member of a film crew be not go to stop he . Captain Dirks head back to Lilo-Cay for a final showdown with the giant man-eating crocodile . <br /> <br /> Directed by James D.R. Hickox this be one awful film , but it be still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile -lrb- 2000 -rrb- . everything about this film suck . the script by Sam Bernard and Robert L.Levy be terrible , extremely slow as the crocodile be not even see or mention before the 30 minute mark and by that time I be seriously bored and annoyed with the hideously unlikeable character think up by Bernard and Levy . the whole film be also frustratingly predictable as well , within the first 10 minute anyone familiar with horror film stereotype and stock character will be able to guess who die and who will survive . the crocodile effect be awful and seem to be repeat over and over , there be a small puppet head that obviously have someone arm stick inside it control it be movement as the water splash become huge ! the CGI shot of the crocodile be just plain embarrassing to watch . there be no gore apart from when a character be bite in half which be achieve use cgus to digitally remove the actor leg , again it look terrible . there be also a brief scene when someone be impale on wooden spike when they set a trap off . there be a reasonable amount of nudity and sex , plus the female actress be nice and easy on the eye . there be basic continuity and logical error in the film too , in one sequence Cecily be film bog and Jeremy ` bloodsurf ' but from the angle and distance she be at it would be physically impossible to obtain footage of both the shark and surfer at the same time , and surely that be the whole point of she shot ? when Dirks manage to harpoon the crocodile the angle of the wire change dramatically between shot , in one shoot the angle of the line look like it be come from the sky , in the shot straight after the angle be completely different and it seem as if the line be come from below the surface of the water when in actual fact the harpoon be attach to the back of the boat and the line should be almost level with the surface . I could carry on , like why do the crocodile jump off the edge of a cliff if it be so smart as this film try to make out ? but I would probably exceed the 1000 word limit if I list everything that be wrong with this film , so I will not . I hate this film , but rather scarily it be still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers effort at a giant crocodile film . definitely one to avoid .
outside the household be a different world and the family struggle to tread the line between Dads authority and they hope and dream . <br /> <br /> the period be capture ; the bakelite light swithe , the georgian floorpan , the picture rail , the wall paper , the short skirt , the cheeky lad , the Mini van , shiny modern mangle ... <br /> <br /> the location be capture ; a wind lash glacier hew rocky landscape , wall of local stone , community , freedom . <br /> <br /> but there be much much more ; Childhood , happiness , sensuality , pride , value , freedom , authority , rebellion , violence -lrb- in the deepest sense -rrb- , love , struggle , puberty , naivety , morality , trust , faith , deceit , machismo , manners , maturity , loss , poverty , sacrifice , horror , acceptence , revelation , comedy and parenthood be all there . -lrb- and in no particular order ! -rrb- . <br /> <br /> this film be a richly weave expression of family tension that be as relevent today as ever . the fact that some of these be not tackle directly be testament in itself to the attitude of the day but the fact that they be all here be a testament to the act skill , the story and the direction . <br /> <br /> if there be anything bad about this film , it be that all this deeply entrenched and wonderfully enact tension be sweep away a little too lightly towards the end . maybe I missunderstand - the doom and gloom feel by many teenager really do disappear if they deal with it -lrb- ** -rrb- - maybe the film be try to send even that message too - well worth do . <br /> <br /> what be the film try to say ? kid : parent be young too , parent struggle too , everyone make mistake , everyone learn , thing change , struggle can end happily . parent : do not try too hard ! try to remember that you support be the key to they well be . <br /> <br /> it sound simplistic do not it ? sometimes the film feel like that too but it be then that you notice how much be be be challenge and uncover . <br /> <br /> the film be a classic . <br /> <br /> -lrb- ** -rrb- - not the problem themsleve .
as perhaps one of the few Canadians who do not read the book in high school , I think I would add my comment . see the movie without know the story beforehand in no way detract from the film . the character have so many complexity , everyone can relate to they in they own way . the brilliance of the adaptation be that everyone be allow to project they own perception onto the life of the character , rather than be spoon-feed a opinion . you can love they or dislike they , and still feel the emotional impact of the movie . wonderful performance by Ellen Burstyn and Christine Horne really bring the character to life . I would highly recommend it .
I be literally prepare to hate this movie , so believe I when I say this film be worth see . overall , the story and gag be contrived , but the film have the charm and finesse to pull they off . that gag where Jason Lee think he have crab , and try not to let he boss/future father-in-law and co-worker see he scratch himself be not terribly intelligent , but it send I into a frenzy of laughter . very few of the film 's gag be high-brow , but they make I laugh . as I say , the film have charm and charm can go a long way . <br /> <br /> the character be likable , too . I must say I wish I get to see more of James Brolin 's character , since he be a hoot in the very few scene he be in . plus , I admire any romantic comedy that have the gut to not make the character of the wife -lrb- who serve as the obstacle in the plot -rrb- a total witch . the Selma Blair character be hardly unlikable , and there be never a scene where I think to myself , `` why do he want to marry she in the first place ? '' the end be hollywood-ish , but it could have be much more schmaltzy . <br /> <br /> the cast be talented . I have not have a favorable view of most of Jason Lee 's mainstream work . I just love he so much in Kevin Smith 's film that I could not help but feel disappointed at see he in these dopey role . and he never look comfortable in these dopey role . even in this movie , he do not look perfectly comfortable , but he contribute he own two cent and effectively handle each scene . but I still miss he work in independent film . Julia Stiles prove again why she be so damn likable . of course , she be a very beautiful girl with a radiant smile that make I want to faint , but she also possess a unique charm and seem to have good personality . in other word , she beauty show inside and out . I do not know the actress ' name , but the woman who play the drunk granny be hilarious . Julie Hagerty also have a small part , and she be always enjoyable to watch , which make I wish she receive better role . I love she so much in `` airplane '' and `` Lost in America '' that it be a shame she do not get the same opportunity to flaunt she skill . <br /> <br /> do not be put off by the horrible trailer and even more horrible box office record . this be a funny , charming film . romantic comedy be get so predictable nowadays that it feel like the genre itself be ready to be flush down the toilet , so it be always to see a good one among all these bad apple . <br /> <br /> my score : 7 -lrb- out of 10 -rrb-
this be not horror , as the first part be : this be -lrb- `` campy '' -rrb- light and humorous entertainment . like in so many sequel , the action start right away with no explanation . but there be boob , so I do not complain . and real boob that be . if I understand correctly , those be quite rare today amongst the teenage girl in U.S. of a. which bring to my mind the fact that the main actress here be Pamela `` Bruce 's sister '' Springsteen . <br /> <br /> this can not be think without the first movie , so I compare this to it . again there be too small clothing -lrb- mainly pants -rrb- and funny hair , it be not hard to tell what decade this film be make in . again there be really strange character , this time even more visibly `` pathological '' one . especially the personnel of the camp . it be like some mental rehabilitation summer camp . people be older : most of the actor must be at least 25 , but I think they be suppose to be 16 or something . some `` method '' use by the Evil Dyke be quite unpleasant . actually this movie do not have much in common with the first part , and this be worse than it in every way .
a meteor hit 's Crater Lake -lrb- hence we title -rrb- , awaken a plesiosaur , who proceed 's to snack on the hick population -lrb- in California , that hick capital of the world . -rrb- <br /> <br /> there be bad movie , and then there be `` the Crater Lake monster '' , which somehow manage to escape mst3k . feature grate act , a decent stop-motion beast , and more , this be a dreadful piece of 1970 's low budget exploitation/monster movie dreck . <br /> <br /> while the movie be guilty of many crime , the biggest one be Arnie and Mitch , two obnoxious redneck who serve as we comic relief . they bumble around , fight to stock `` banjo music '' , ogle woman , and act like pathetic excuse of humanity . the character be so bad , they should count as a crime against humanity .
so this be what actress Kim Basinger have succumb to ? Mmm ... to tell the truth the film 's title be something quite eye grab to get you interest and plot outline read so basic , but simplicity can have its strength . anyhow by the end of ` while she be out ' I be leave feeling rather indifferent . not the worse -lrb- despite be engulf by negative -rrb- , but there be easily way better in what be a causally lukewarm , but compact and unbalanced late-night survival fable of a feeble suburban housewife strand in the wood try to fight for she life after she witness the death of a rent a cop that come to she aid , when she provoke a ugly exchange with some punk in a shopping car park . <br /> <br /> the problem here fall on the misguidedly erratic and foreseeable material -lrb- take from a short story -rrb- , along with the very variable performance . the flimsy script be poorly thought-out -lrb- which be not so good when you plot have a slight structure to hang off -rrb- , so many wretched inclusion and dubious action just go on to find its way in this endless chain of event . as for the bunch of stereotypical goon -lrb- lead by a unconvincing Lukas Hass as a loose canon -rrb- terrorize Basinger , well they be less than threatening , but hopelessly clueless . watch Basinger scrounge around in the dank wilderness with a red tool box in she hand -lrb- do not ask I why ? -rrb- knock off these wannabe punk one by one become ridiculous because it do not elicit tension or emotion ... but instead clumsy jolt that be absurdly daft because of the stupidity of the lead up . Basinger 's performance be stout-like , but do not craft much empathy . Craig Sheffer show up as she hot-headed husband . strangely I could not keep my eye off the screen ... think to myself that red toolbox be hypnotic -lrb- why would she be constantly carry it -rrb- and what tool be she go to use to dispatch the next thug ... she choice be quite disappointing . watch she transformation through the traumatic situation when thing be finally turn around be rather empty , due to its unsure tone and the end be something you could see mile ahead . <br /> <br /> Susan Montford 's soberly slick direction lack cohesion and energy , as it pretty much chug along . I like the opening credit though , with its hauntingly sullen score -lrb- which be the most effective thing throughout the feature -rrb- and polished photography . <br /> <br /> no great shake . do not ask much of you time , but I would not care to see it again . however with the inclusion of a Joy Division song , it make I grab a couple of they album for a listen .
a shift in outlook be neccesary to enjoy modern british film , one that somehow allow they to be see in they own right and for they own quality rather than by the criterion that American film be judge . Britfilm have to try hard to be gritty and find it hard to make it , but at warmth british film can lord it over they otherwise overwhelming competitor . <br /> <br /> this film fail not in its content but only in attach itself to the predeccesor , so allow it to be all to easily see as the work of star and director somewhere near the end of they tether . it be a couple of decade later , Gregory teaching and this time with two girl on he mind . he teach at he school railing against human rights abuse . when student he be fire up find abuse in they midst he must face whether he be just all talk . <br /> <br /> this be a subversive film in that there be not the usual worldly character of any american movie that you expect to do whatever he do , but a naive man boy who may still put everything on the line for principle . maybe . it be certainly no protest-by-number though , be too warm . where U.S. film may seem realistic because they be urban and gritty , this and other british film of recent year - those that do not try to match America for visceral thrill - be real because british humour reveal truth .
this be a documentary that come out of the splendid work of a canadian landscape photographer whose interest have long be in the ravages leave on earth by the excavation or building of man . it begin with a vast factory complex cram with people make a great variety of little thing , part of high-tech equipment presumably ; it be not really make very clear . the emphasis be on how big the place be and how many people be there and how they be herd around outside in little yellow jacket . the film also show the photographer work on a tall structure to do a still of the array of these people outside the factory , and talk with he crew as he do so . this be a world of relentless industrialization . it be a relief at least to know these soulless image be not go to be present without a human voice , as be the case in Nikolaus Geyrhalter 's gleefully cold documentary about the food industry , ` we Daily Bread . ' ` Manufactured Landscapes ' contain image of people scavenging e-waste and a town -lrb- many town , really -rrb- be wipe out by the biggest dam ever , with a single plangent trademark shot of a little girl in the rubble of she own neighborhood eat out of a bowl use a pair of chopstick almost bigger than she be . some of these scene , the one with miserably underpaid worker slave in dangerous and toxic place , might have be shoot memorably by the premier engagé photographer Sebastião Salgado . but this photographer be not as interested in see people up close . he orientation place he somewhere in between Salgado and the cold , neutral modern landscape photograph of Lewis Baltz . <br /> <br /> all this happen in China , of course , though there be earlier footage in black and white of the photographer work around a large shipbuilding site in Bangladesh . it be back up by music in a New Age industrial style that be alternately soothing and oppressive . there be a good many still of the photographer 's work -- or be some of they make by the film crew ? it be not make clear . <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky be the name of the photographer . we see people wander through exhibition of he beautiful work -- big dramatic print of carefully compose view camera color image with a handsome glow . the irony be that Burtynsky make such unique and glorious picture of place that be essentially blighted , and to the ordinary eye be dispiriting and boring . he admit himself that he take no political stand . when we be able to compare he image with those catch by the roaming eye of the film 's cinematographer Peter Mettler , Burtynsky 's work almost amount to a kind of glorification , and hence falsification . but he be show we place that , if we look closely , reveal they full dark story of ravage and neglect no matter how finely craft the photograph of they may be . <br /> <br /> logically , but not entirely fortunately , it be Burtynsky whose voice-over narrate most of the film as it range over various site . Burtynsky 's `` epiphany '' may have inspire he decade of fine work , but they amount to nothing but truism about how we be change the planet irreparably ; be dependent on oil , which will run out ; that China have come into the game of massive industrialization late , and so may burn out early with the depletion of fossil fuel . the interest of ` Manufactured Landscapes ' would be much greater if there be perceptive new idea to accompany it . the reason for watch it be two : to see glimpse of Burtynsky 's work and the raw material , the space he visit and chronicle so beautifully ; and to observe scene from the vast , awesome , daunting , and rather horrifying industrialization of modern China . <br /> <br /> because of the limitation of the narration , the idea of the title ` Manufactured Landscapes ' feel insufficiently develop . it even seem a misnomer . New landscape they be , but they be the byproduct of manufacturing rather than `` manufacture . '' ` landscape of Waste ' or ` Wasted Landscapes ' might be better title . there be much room leave by this documentary for more intellectually search work on film about this intriguing subject ; and those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky might do better to peruse he book or exhibition .
`` New best friend '' be another entry in the `` steal another woman 's life '' sub-genre ; the best of which be `` single White female '' and `` the hand that rock the Cradle '' ; the worse of which you can catch almost any afternoon on the Lifetime Channel . for some reason this type of identity theft happen exclusively to woman . <br /> <br /> there be just two basic way to play this type of story . you can make the woman evil at the beginning and let the audience watch knowingly as she hatch and implement she evil scheme . or you use misdirection to make she appear a good person , as a seemingly unplanned series of event break in she favor until she be reveal to be evil in the climatic scene . unfortunately the maker of `` New best friend '' could not decide how they want to play it and thing crash and burn early . we first meet Alicia -lrb- Mia Kirshner -rrb- scam the college 's financial aid office for scholarship money . we now know that she be a bad person and will view all she subsequent activity with suspicion . but the director and editor apparently forget that this revelation have be make and spend the next 50 minute lay misdirection to make we think that Alicia be a good person . this introduce the only element of suspense , not about whether she be evil but about when the director and editor will wise up and stop waste we time with transparent misdirection . <br /> <br /> `` New best friend '' suffer more than most from the teen movie curse of a cast too old to be portray undergraduate student . there be really only two big part , Hadley -lrb- Meredith Monroe -rrb- and Alicia -lrb- Kirshner -rrb- . they be 31 and 26 respectively at the time of the production . it almost work for the 26 year-old Kirshner when she play the mousy version of Alicia but it become glare when she be transform into the glamed-up version of Alicia . Monroe 's casting be simply a joke , about like have Nicholette Sheridan try to pass as a classmate on `` Lizzie McGwire '' . she look much closer to a mid-life crisis than to a term paper . <br /> <br /> the producer must have owe a lot of favor because this age issue extend to most of the support character . Taye Diggs who play the town sheriff be younger than most of the student . <br /> <br /> the basic setup be that Hadley and two other rich party girl -lrb- play by Dominque swain-age 21 and Rachel True-age 35 -rrb- be undergrad roommate at college . they share -lrb- as they student residence -rrb- a mansion that be nicer and better furnished than the mansion on real World-New Orleans -lrb- a premise more believable than soccer mom play student -rrb- . Alicia move into the mansion and begin to take over Hadley 's life . at least that way swain finally get a roommate from she own generation so the two can have a lesbian scene . Swain 's support performance be the only good thing about `` New best friend '' and she love scene with Kirshner be fantastic , so cool and artsy that it do not fit with any of the other segment , maybe it be subcontract out to a good director and cinematographer . <br /> <br /> the unintentionally hilarious story be present in a series of dreary flashback of rampant sex and nonstop party , each proceed by a shot of a comatose Alicia in a hospital bed . about half of Kirshner 's screen time be spend lie motionless with a tube in she mouth . not a good career move Mia . <br /> <br /> then again , what do I know ? I be only a child .
have see both `` fear of a black hat '' and `` this be spinal tap '' , I can honestly state that while similar , both movie be truly must see . there will be many time in `` fear '' that will have you in hysteric . it be no wonder why both movie have such a huge cult follow . `` fear '' will soon be available on dvd . Rent it if you must , but the only way to fully enjoy this movie be to have it for yourself .
by 1987 Hong Kong have give the world such film as Sammo Hung 's ` encounter of the Spooky Kind ' Chow Yun Fat in John Woo 's iconic ` a Better Tomorrow ' , ` Zu warrior ' and the classic ` Mr Vampire ' . Jackie Chan be have international success on video , but it be with ` a chinese ghost Story ' that HK cinema have its first real crossover theatrical hit in the West for many year . <br /> <br /> western filmgoer have never see anything like it . it be a film that take various ingredient that hk cinema have use for year -lrb- fly swordsman , wildly choreograph martial art and the supernatural -rrb- and blended they to create a film that be unique in its look , feel and execution . forget the poor and unnecessary sequel it spawn , this be the original and best . <br /> <br /> director Siu-Tung Ching -lrb- still best know as a Action Choreographer on such film as Woo 's ` a Better tomorrow 2 ' / ` the killer ' -rrb- have , under the watchful eye of legendary Producer Tsui Hark , create a masterpiece of Fantasy/Horror cinema . and with such a expert crew at he disposal -lrb- no less than 6 Martial art coordinator -rrb- the chance of the film be anything but wonderful would be unthinkable . <br /> <br /> the editing by the amazingly prolific David Wu -lrb- who wrote/directed ` the bride with White Hair 2 ' and edit such classic title as ` a Better Tomorrow 1/2/3 ' , ` Hardboiled ' and the cult hit ` the Club ' -rrb- be quite simply a work of genius . he craft of the perfectly choreograph high fly , tree climb sword fight make they some of the best hk cinema have ever create . fast moving , outlandish but never confuse they be , even today , the pinnacle of they art . <br /> <br /> the crew of cinematographer have also do miracle . this be a film where every shot be a expertly craft painting . where wonderful blue tinged night sequence , shroud in a ever-present ghostly fog , be the breathtaking platform for we story to unfold . it be a film where everything be use to weave a dreamlike beauty . even the silken robe and dress wear by Hsiao Tsing become live part of the movie , whether in romantic sequence or battle scene the ever present silk flow across the screen . even a simple scene where Hsiao Tsing change robe be turn into a thing of flutter beauty as every skill on the set combine to create a most memorable scene from such a simple act . the set be also amazing , give a other worldly sense to the forest , and the temple and harshness to the scorch , flag fill wasteland of hell for the amazing finale . the production design by Zhongwen xi deserve the highest praise . <br /> <br /> another major factor to the film success be the music by Romeo Diaz and James Wong . Hong Kong film have give we some fantastic music and song that have add so much to the success of a sequence , but on ` a chinese ghost Story ' the music be , quite simply , vital . from the opening song onward the music become as important as the character . <br /> <br /> the score be a perfect mixture of modern and traditional instrument . drum , bell and guitar pound away over the action sequence to great effect , but it be in the slower , achingly romantic piece that it come into it be own . here ; flute , string and female choral effect create what be possibly the finest piece of music hear in a hk film . add to this the female vocal , stunningly beautiful song that play over tsau-shen 's and Hsiao Tsing 's love making , -lrb- nothing be ever see , but the effect be wonderful . this be lovingly innocent movie romance -rrb- and you have a shine example of the power a film 's music can have . <br /> <br /> and we of course have the act talent . Leslie Cheung -lrb- ` a better tomorrow 1 & 2 ' and a very popular singer -rrb- be outstanding as the innocent tax collector . he work in the -lrb- thankfully mild -rrb- comic sequence be never over the top and he scene with Joey Wang be play with just the right amount of passion and innocence . <br /> <br /> Joey Wang -lrb- who would later be mostly relegate to support role in film like the Chow Yun Fat/Andy Lau classic `` God of Gamblers '' -rrb- have never look more radiant than how she do here . she be the epitome of ethereal beauty . she portrayal of the tragic Hsiao Tsing be stunning . she show she character sadness at what she have become and what she be make to do , but also give off a subtle eroticism in the scene where she be lure the man to they gruesome death . veteran actor Wu Ma -lrb- ` Mr. Vampire ' , ` swordsman ' -rrb- be great fun as the wise , brave , but ever so grumpy , yen . he tread a fine line between the eccentric and the annoy with practise ease . and what so easily could have be a character that could have harm the film be actually wonderfully entertaining and memorable . <br /> <br /> but what about the monster and beastie ? , I hear you cry . well they range from the rather crude but fun stop motion/animatronic zombie that inhabit the temple -lrb- result in a great run gag with constantly thwart attempt to munch on the amusingly unsuspecting tsau-shen -rrb- , to the rather cheesy but surprisingly effective Lord Black . complete with a arsenal of vicious fly head , and quite outstanding wire work . most of which have , to this day , never be top . <br /> <br /> but the most outstanding effect and creation be the tree spirit 's killer tongue . we first encounter this thing with a ` Evil Dead ' style rush camera effect as it power down its victim throat to deliver a lethal french kiss that turn the victim into zombiefied husk . but later it be show in all its crazy glory . it can grow so big and long that it shoot through the forest after prey , rip apart tree , wrap itself around building and coil it be slimy length around people before pick they up and throw they against tree trunk !! it can even split open to reveal a fang fill mouth ! it be a outrageous idea that give the deeply romantic main plot should not work . but it do , to fantastic and unforgettable effect . <br /> <br /> so what all this add up to be a classic example of Hong Kong movie making . a true team effort that have give we a truly ground break movie . it be a film pack with wit , invention , action , monster , martial art , ghost , fantastic idea , lush visual , beautiful music , and most important to it be endure charm , one of cinema most move romance .
Spoilers ahead -- proceed at you own caution . <br /> <br /> my main problem with this movie be that once Harry learn the identity of the three blackmailer -- with relative ease -- he continue to cave into they demand . and then the whole scene with he wife be kidnap , he decide to wire he classic car up to explode -lrb- with the money in it -rrb- , which make we take a pretty tall leap of logic . <br /> <br /> okay , so he want to keep he affair with Cini out of the public eye due to he wife 's involvement with the DA campaign . this I can see , but why not hire someone to slap these turd around a bit , or even kill they once he would determine there be no actual blackmail evidence -lrb- e.g , Cini 's body ? -rrb- this be a pretty interesting movie for the first 2/3 of it . after that , it sort of fall apart .
and it do . it be through my experience that when a horror film reach `` franchise '' status , and subsequent title be release thereafter , they all , in turn , become stricken by one inevitable factor : irrelevance . Omen iv : the Awakening make no exception to this rule , feature another small child supposedly embrace they role as the Anti-Christ , foretell by a religious prophecy . have not we see this before ? be not it enough that , over the span of three film prior to this release , we have experience the rise and fall of Damien Thorn ? if you be a horror enthusiast such as myself , you 'll realize that it be common for a horror movie that have many sequel and prequel to its credit to fade away into redundancy - Children of the Corn , Hellraiser , Phantasm ; the list go on . at this point in the game , I be sure you know what to expect when you be prepare to view the fourth title in a series . regardless , there be time when you sit back and realize how shameless some filmmaker be . Omen iv : the awakening be just that , too - a shameless money make exercise . <br /> <br /> this film do not offer anything new or intriguing to the Omen lineup . as unique and genuine as Omen iv try to be compare to its sibling , the similarity and plot device be embarrassingly alike . element like the guardian dog , the involvement of a priest , the skepticism of the people involve , the decapitation death scene -lrb- clearly a homage to the original film when the journalist be behead by the sheet of glass -rrb- ... even right down to the father 's involvement in politics and prestige within the community make it too predictable . <br /> <br /> although it be common to star a b-rated cast into a horror title this far into a series , the acting be off the chart , chock-full of ridiculousness and unintentional humor due to some of the poorly deliver line throughout this film . the atmosphere have completely vanish in comparison to the first three title . in addition , the epic score compose by Goldsmith in the previous movie have be replace by a auditory debacle ; a absolute joke , and make I wonder if it be actually intend to be use for this film or just pull from a `` bank '' of stock audio ... which really say something , because rarely do I comment on the lousy misuse of a musical score - until now . <br /> <br /> all in all , I would call Omen iv : the awaken a failure . in the world of horror movie that carry a long list of title behind they , some manage to hit the mark and some do not . if you be interested in create another notch on you weathered horror belt such as I be for completion purpose , perhaps you could carve this title into it as well - if not for entertainment value , then to appreciate when a film be execute properly , or poorly .
`` Hak Hap '' , or `` black mask '' -lrb- in english -rrb- be a disappointment . I be tell that it be a sort of `` japanese version of the Matrix '' . imagine my disappointment . the film be either badly dub or the soundtrack do not time well with the film . another thing be that the dialogue be pretty much bad . there be very little thought put into the English version of this film and it appeal only to the `` senseless action '' genre . not a film I would want to see again .
`` Ko to tamo peva '' be one of the best film I ever see . a tragicomedy with very deep implication on the fate of humankind show through the eye of seemingly very plain and common people from a god-forsaken serbian province just before the start of the World War II . I see it in a small movie theater in Russia where the film have have a very limited distribution , and I have no chance to come across it ever since . it be such a pity that this excellent film be almost forget now . I search for a VHS or dvd copy of it many time , and alas - could find none . I would be most grateful to other fan of this little gem of movie-making for a suggestion of the way to purchase a copy .
I watch this film base on the very favorable review that I read about it here by other . <br /> <br /> they definitely see something in this movie I do not see , that be for sure . <br /> <br /> the movie start off at a good pace , and the first 15 or 20 minute of it be interesting , then it begin to get log down and draggy , not to mention completely unbelievable . <br /> <br /> eventually you find yourself say : `` what ?!? he be go to do that too ? just how far be he go to go with this thing ? '' <br /> <br /> the plot begin with Jeff Goldblum 's character , John , go into a deli to purchase a bottle of wine . there be a robbery and a new store clerk , Auggie Rose , get kill during the robbery . <br /> <br /> John get in the ambulance and go to the hospital with the guy . this seem a little much , but wait , there be more . <br /> <br /> John become totally obsess with Auggie Rose . <br /> <br /> for reason that never make any kind of logical sense , John , who have a very good life , a beautiful , loving girlfriend , a secure , well-paying job , nice house , nice car , expensive suit -- decide he want to be a loser like Auggie Rose be , and experience life in a low pay job , live in a dump with a dippy girlfriend and possible connection with dangerous people . <br /> <br /> why this dim-witted , half-baked film get favorable review I 'll never know . sure goldblum do a good act job - he always do - and he look have improve with age -- but unless you have a BIG infatuation with Jeff Goldblum and have to see every film he be in , I would not recommend this turkey . it be approximately two hour of you life you be not go to get back - and believe I - you 'll have nothing to be thankful about when those two hour be over , other than be grateful you be not still sit there watch this film ! <br /> <br />
most people who have see this movie think that it be the best movie ever make . I disagree but this movie be very very good . Tony be a bad ass guy and know that he be intimidate and use it to get ahead . it be about he and how he go from wash dish to have a huge house and a office with cocaine all over the desk . if you want a family movie then this be not the way to go but if you want mobster and vengeance and stuff like that then you 'll like it .
there be so many negative review about `` Stay away , Joe '' in here I just can not stay quiet any longer and let this injustice happen . here be a side you have not hear yet . <br /> <br /> Elvis Presley 's movie be my guilty pleasure for a simple reason : they be perfect film for a pure relaxation because I do not have to think when I watch they . that mean I do not have to worry about miss a complex plot because there never be a proper plot to start with . I can just kick off my shoe , grab a beer , sit back , switch off my brain and enjoy all the general wackiness and catchy easy-going rock n ' roll tune from the grooviest decade of they all . <br /> <br /> in my book `` Stay away , Joe '' definitely fall into the `` so bad it be good '' - category . now if you be like I and appreciate `` the trash value '' , this be the ultimate 1960 's camp experience . it be so bad that it be almost surrealistic to watch and just when you think that it can not possibly get any worse it surprise you in the most imaginable way . in the end you be so amaze by all the new level of stupidity you just do not know whether to laugh or cry . in a nutshell : I love it because it be so damn amusing that there once be a generation that actually make film like this . I still give it 1 out of 10 though - once it hit the bottom 100 it will become a instant bad movie classic .
advertise by channel seven in Australia as the `` untold story '' , this miniseries undo itself in the first five minute by wash over the titular character 's childhood and adolescence in less time than a good director will use to set up a single event . this cowardice and self-censorship for the fear of offend anyone permeate the series , and be ultimately responsible for its failure . <br /> <br /> Robert Carlyle put in a valiant performance as the most hated man of the twentieth century , but he be hamstring by two thing . the lack of a decent dialogue coach on the series leave he northern-uk heritage shine blindingly through he physical appearance , and the dialogue be at time truly abysmal . apparently , acknowledge the fact that Hitler be raise in a catholic family be off limit , but insulting million of Vikings and they descendant by have Carlyle spew the most ridiculous line about Valhalla be quite okay . well , here be a clue for the writer - any person familiar with viking mythology will tell you that Valhalla be about the embodiment of honour and might in battle , two thing that the Nazis quickly eschew in favour of rat cunning and backstabbing . until we can wake up to ourselves and realise that the reason Hitler have never be excommunicate from the Catholic church be because it would require the embarassing acknowledgement that he be once a member , we will never learn what this awful period of the world 's history have to teach we . <br /> <br /> so now that we have manage to insult Vikings and the citizen of scandinavian country in this sham , you would think the series would stop there , but it do not . Stockard Channing 's listing in the opening credit be particularly eyebrow-raising , give that she voice be hear , and she face see , for about thirty seconds at the most during the opening credit , make it patently transparent that more footage of Hitler 's early day be shoot , but not include because of a typical nanny-state fear of offend someone . it be also quite ironic that the film or miniseries which give a far better insight into Hilter 's character do not feature he at all . <br /> <br /> until we learn to stop sugar-coat the truth and realise that the citizenry of Germany be mostly unopposed to Hitler 's view , and not necessarily through ignorance , we will never learn to deal with the fact that subversion of democracy -lrb- yes , Germany be a democracy pre-hitler -rrb- can occur anywhere , we be doom . that be the one thing this mini-series get right in portray . unfortunately , that element be lose in attempt to make Hitler 's religious belief appear those of a much more valiant people , and the inability to scratch past the surface in any part of the subject matter . David Letterman 's show have it peg when they run short satirical segment about the series . they really might as well have make a family sitcom with he as the star , that be how badly it be write . <br /> <br /> all in all , this politically correct farce of a bio-pic be worth no point , but I give it two because Robert Carlyle definitely deserve better material than this , and he be about the only thing in it that work .
anyone new to the incredibly prolific Takashi Miike 's work might want to think twice about make this startling film they first experience of this truly maverick director . in keep with Miike 's work practice of take any work that come he way and then graft he own sensibility onto the script , this be at heart a fairly basic yakuza thriller , with a morally ambiguous cop chase a gang which he lawyer brother have fall in with . what take the movie out of the realm of the same-old same-old however , be the utterly unflinching attitude so some of the most sudden and horrific violence see in today 's cinema . and this be not that nice cool , clean violence so beloved of US cinema - this stuff be nasty , painful and hurt ! that say , the pace be breakneck , the character be unusual without be just be burden with stock eccentricity , Miike 's sense of humour reveal itself and the most unexpected moment , and he camera be never quite where you expect it to be , make it hard to look away from the screen , whatever he might be show you ! it do not have the `` Ohmigod '' end of `` dead or alive , '' but if you be not squeamish , now be the time to get on board the Miike bandwagon before he end up on some Hollywood studio 's `` new John Woo '' shopping list ...
absolutely wonderful drama and ro be top notch ... I highly recommend this movie . she performance , in my opinion , be Academy award material ! the only real sad fact here be that Universal have not see to it that this movie be ever available on any video format , whether it be tape or dvd . they be ignore a very good movie . but Universal have little regard for its library on dvd , which be sad . if you get the chance to see this somewhere -lrb- not sure why it be rarely even run on cable -rrb- , see it ! I will not go into the story because I think most people would rather have a opinion on the film , and too many `` reviewer '' spend hour write about the story , which be available anywhere . <br /> <br /> a 10 !
in what seem like the longest 1hour 35 I have have to endure in a long time , Al Pacino deliver a accurate performace to be sure . not he usual typecasting , which be nice . but he character be just truely pathetic . someone to pitty as he stumble around forget appointment as we realise that the Hollywood social life have drain he of he life energy . but in this movie we need someone to like . and for some reason , every character in the picture say `` I do not know why I like you , Eli '' to Al Pacino 's chracter and I could not even come close to like he . <br /> <br /> all the other actor play they usual style . Tea Leoni , Richard Schiff , and Bill Nunn do nothing to change they established persona develop on tv or in earlier film . and Kim Basinger be not even in the film long enough to deliver a performance of any kind . <br /> <br /> the movie 's story have no momentum . most scene never drive the story forward , but rather just collect factoid about character which later come into play in a anti-climactic ending . it have potential except for they unwillingness to build upon the story . <br /> <br /> what the point of the film ? Daniel Algrant and Jon Robin Baitz would have you believe `` once Hollywood have you , you can not get out . '' yeah right ! and that be why so many people get fire in Hollywood .
photography be too jumpy to follow . dark scene hard to see . <br /> <br /> have good story line too bad it get lose somewhere . too noisy for what be really happen Bottom line be it be a baddddd movie
there be time when this movie seem to get a whole lot more complicated than it need to be , but I guess that be part of it be charm . detective Philo Vance 's power of observation seem greater than all the oriental sleuth of the era combine when it come down to that final evaluation of how the murder be commit . the drop of the dagger into the chinese vase be the kicker for I ; I mean , could not somebody have just drop it ? <br /> <br /> Vance -lrb- William Powell -rrb- have a line early in the film about Archer Coe 's ` psychological impossibility ' to kill himself - I have to think about that for a while . I be leave wonder if there be some scientific basis in fact for that concept to be true , not have study psychology myself . seem logical , but then there be always the case that do not fit the rule . <br /> <br /> you know , I get a kick out of the agitate coroner -lrb- Etienne Girardot -rrb- , who remind I of Star Trek 's Dr. McCoy the couple of time he state `` I be a doctor , not a magician '' and `` I be a doctor , not a detective '' . I can picture DeForrest Kelley watch the film and say to himself - ` I 'll have to use that sometime ' . <br /> <br /> once the killer 's identity be reveal , it do not seem like such a big surprise , but up till then it be really anybody 's guess . but Archer and Brisbane Coe aside , the film do not answer the central question pose by the title , and the murder I be really interested in - who kill Sir Thomas MacDonald 's dog Ghillie ?
it be consider to be the `` swiss answer to the lord of the ring '' , but it be much more than that . it be not a answer to anything , it be in itself something new , something funny and sometimes it be downright stupid and silly - but be Monty Python any different than silly ? <br /> <br /> the beginning immediately make the statement that this film be low budget and not mean to be take entirely seriously . cardboard cloud on string knock into the airplane in which the main character be seat . but , to compensate the miss special effect , the landscape do the trick . it be absolutely beautiful and stunning - who need New Zealand , Switzerland have it all . <br /> <br /> what I like about the film be the simple approach and the obvious passion and energy that go into it . it be not brilliant ; yet it be get some good humorous part . Edward Piccin as Friedo be absolutely convincing , it would be enough to go and see the film because of him!There be some good joke , some of they be very lame , some of they will not be understand by people outside of Switzerland . I like the idea of have `` Urucows '' instead of Uruk Hai ; I love the scene where Friedo decide to take `` pupsi '' , a telehobbie , with he on the journey . also very funny be the scene when Rackaroll , the sword-fighting knight , decide to show off with he sword - and subsequently smash it into a wall , break it . and there be this one scene where the `` nazgul-ish '' character do a wonderfully comic scene that include a toilet brush ... I do not approve of the idea of the ring be use by Schleimli , the `` Gollum '' character , in order to `` seduce '' the lady . that be a bit far fetch . the idea of Lord Sauraus want to cover the land with fondue be not that brilliant either . original , certainly , but not brilliant . but most of all do I dislike the idea of a gay dragon , that really be not necessary . all in all I recommend to see the film simply because it be so crazy and totally trashy . do not expect a lotr parody like `` Spaceballs '' be for Star Wars . but if you go to the flick think that this be go to be a amusing evening out , with absolutely no ambition , then you 'll enjoy . I be not sure if it work in other language , because it do live from the swiss dialect as well as from the joke and actor . <br /> <br /> all in all : hat off to the courage of the swiss crew who do that !
I be a big fan of the movie , but not for the usual reason . I think Travolta and Winger perform at higher than average rate , I think the set be representative of the location and the era , I like the sound track and the Charlie Daniels Band . however , I think the photography be amazing ! since the interior scene be film in the actual club and Gilley 's have low ceiling -- perhaps 10-12 foot high and the smoke that be suppose to simulate a `` smoke-filled bar '' hang 2-4 foot below the ceiling . the Camera manage to get shot through the smoke and focus on the actor , the bull , the bar , the woman , the dancing , the low-level of light that actually be in the bar ! what a feat ! sure there be auxiliary lighting , but in order to maintain the atmosphere of the bar , it have to be low-light shot . Ray Villalobos -lrb- the camera operator -rrb- be outstanding ! he get some shot he have no hope of achieve and the impact of they bring a sense of reality to the film . thanks , Ray -- great work !
this be one powerful film . the first time I see it , the scottish accent make it tough for I to understand a lot and that ruin the view experience . I give up on it but then acquire the dvd , use the English subtitle when I need they , and really get into this movie , discover just how good it be . it be excellent . <br /> <br /> the widescreen picture make it spectacular in part , with some wonderful rugged scenery and the story remind I of Braveheart , a involve tale of good versus evil . here , it be Liam Neeson -lrb- good -rrb- vs. Tim Roth -lrb- evil -rrb- . both do they job well . <br /> <br /> few actor come across as despicable as Roth . man , you really want to smack this guy in he arrogant , irritating puss . -lrb- he be so nasty and vile the sick critic love he character more than anyone else 's here -rrb- . Neeson be a man 's man and a solid hero figure as Gibson be in Braveheart . Jessica Lange be strong in here as the female lead . the movie draw you in and get you totally involve , so prepared to have a emotional experience view this .
I would like to think myself as a fairly open mind guy and it take a lot -lrb- ! -rrb- for I to dislike a movie but this one be without a doubt one of the suckiest , crappiest movie I have ever see ! <br /> <br /> I have no idea what be wrong with the people who give it such a good rating here -lrb- imdb be usually pretty reliable when it come to rating -rrb- ... the only thing I can imagine be that people must have vote during one or more condition : <br /> <br /> 1 . while be shitfaced / stone out of they mind 2 . they have receive hard cash for the vote 3 . under gunpoint <br /> <br /> I can not believe I waste a good 1 h 45 min of my life for this pathetic excuse for a movie .
a pot - boiler if ever I see one . a suppose thriller borrowing from `` A Time to kill '' , `` silence of the lamb '' , even a inverted `` in the Heat of the night '' with a little reverse murder , a la `` stranger on a train '' throw in , it fail abysmally where all the above , to a large degree , succeed . namely , in deliver thrill . the plot seem condensed from a bigger book , make the plot development obvious and uninvolving , while the direction lack pace and verve . to rein in any kudos , a major twist have to be deliver along the way and here it fail palpably too . Connery be clearly slow down in he old age , barely bother with he attempt at a US accent and besides seem too old to be the husband of Hope Lange and the father of those gosh - darn kid of he . he even have a father in law who seem younger than he . Laurence Fishburne barely get the chance to inhabit he role and you be confuse from the outset as to whether he be a bad guy or a good guy . someone once say that flashback should not lie - they do , confusedly , here . the rest of the playing be merely average by a reasonable cast in they underwritten stereotyped role . the suppose climax manage too , to roll by leave I firmly entrench in the back , not as should have be the aim , front edge of my seat . mediocre sloppy Hollywood film make for sure .
` have Ned Kelly be bear later he probably would have win a Victoria Cross at Gallipolli ' . such be Ned 's Bravery . <br /> <br /> in Australia and especially country Victoria the name Ned Kelly can be say and immediately recognise . in Greta he be still a hero , the life blood of the town of Jerilderie depend on the tourism he create , but in Mansfield they still have not forget that the three policeman that he ` murder ' be from there . <br /> <br /> many of the building he visit in he life be still stand . from the Old Melbourne Gaol where he be hang , to the Post office he hold up in Jerilderie . a cell he be once hold in in Greta be on display in Benella and the site of Ann Jones ' hotel , the station and even the log where he be capture in Glenrowan can be visit . <br /> <br /> evidence of all the event in the movie -lrb- except for he love interest -rrb- can be find all over Victoria , in police record and even in the Sash that Ned be award with for rescue Dick Shelton from drown . none of this be wrong , and what leave out would further justify neds action . the horse that Ned ` steal ' be actually steal by Wild Wright -lrb- the man who Ned box with after get out of jail -rrb- . Ned be already in prison when the horse be report steal so he could not have steal it . <br /> <br /> the Jerilderie Letter be more than what have be state before . it be not self justification it be Ned 's biography , a outline of what he stand for and who he be protect . so go ahead and read it , watch the movie and then make up you mind about what Ned stand for .
at the Academy award ceremony on March 27 , 1957 , Dorothy Malone win the best support actress Oscar for she torrid , over-the-top portrayal of a spoil heiress of a Texas oil tycoon in WRITTEN ON the wind . the 1956 potboiler , adapt from Robert Wilder 's novel , be a veritable three-ring-circus showcasing alcoholism , greed , impotence and nymphomania . <br /> <br /> Malone 's performance as Marylee Hadley , a lonely rich girl who pick up man to assuage the pain of rejection from a former childhood sweetheart , be representative of the movie as a whole . mesmerize to watch even as it resort to the `` lowest - common - denominator '' melodrama , WRITTEN ON the wind be ultimately the work of one man , the incredibly gifted director Douglas Sirk , a émigré from pre - World War 2 Weimar Germany who leave he european theater heritage behind to pursue a career in Hollywood . <br /> <br /> a extremely erudite man , Sirk make a name for himself in the 1950 's as Universal Studios ' reliable director of lavish soap opera , most notably with Ross Hunter 's production of magnificent obsession , all that HEAVEN allow and IMITATION of LIFE . Independent producer Albert Zugsmith offer Sirk the opportunity to work outside the limit constraint of Universal 's demure entertainment and create a more adult , `` sensational '' product , hence the sultry wind and its follow-up , 1957 's tarnish angel , both release under the Universal International banner . it be anyone 's guess why Sirk do not pursue loftier theme , but apparently direct these exaggerated drama appeal more to he artistic sensibility . WRITTEN ON the wind could be consider Sirk 's epic soap opera ; indeed , it be so rife with human vulnerability and neurosis as depict among the very rich that it be as compelling to watch as any real life domestic squabble among the rich and famous , perhaps more so . Robert Stack -lrb- not a actor typically know for over - emoting -rrb- nearly match Malone in intensity with he offering of the weak - will brother Kyle Hadley , a mere shadow of he patriarchal father . when he find out that he be unable to impregnate he new bride -lrb- a beautifully leonine Lauren Bacall -rrb- , Hadley go off the deep end , escalate a already serious drinking problem with a `` secret '' gun fetish that threaten to make he a human time bomb . both brother and sister , as venal and unlikeable as they be , be present as victim of they past , give they a human quality that make they seem less monstrous -lrb- and far more interesting than the ` good '' side of the family , mainly Bacall and the impossibly handsome Rock Hudson , young Hadley 's old boyhood friend and business associate , a surrogate son to the old man and Malone ' s unattainable object of desire . -rrb- despite all the domestic co-dependency on display , it be not so much the story that be memorable here as the way it be film . with a real panache for pictorial composition and editing , director Sirk draw he audience into this picture with the most heighten Technicolor cinematography imaginable : every single shot in this film be a eye-filling canvas of saturated color , from the sight of a tank-like pink cadillac pull up to a enormous mansion 's front door to the garish decor of a luxury Miami hotel , a spectrum of hue almost blind in they diversity . Action and dramatic scene feature Sirk 's adept use of tilted camera angle , shadowy lighting and cross-cut editing , show to greatest effect in the scene where a rebellious , drunken Malone dance uninhibitedly in she upstairs bedroom to the loud blaring of a record player while she stricken father precariously ascend the huge staircase ; the scene be so riveting that you swear you be experience a great oedipal drama unfold . what you be really watch be trash of a enormously entertaining kind , gussy up in lurid Technicolor and polish to perfection by a visual genius .
when I rent this movie to watch it , I know that it be not go to be a mindbender movie . instead I think of it as a disbelief of reality where someone be go to get a serious beating . and you know what it work . Kurt Russel do what I though be a remarkable role in show the emotionless soldier that he be . I recommend this movie if you out with the boy and want to watch a good action film .
a fierce , shockingly intelligent piece of work from the gifted british writer Hanif Kureishi who write `` my beautiful Laundrette '' , -lrb- this be the best thing he be do since then -rrb- . it be about intelligent people whose life do not add up to much . they have squander what they have be give and be largely empty vessel . the only character on screen who be alive be the mother of the title yet she feel dead inside until a rough handyman show she some affection and awaken she to the joy of sex . he have he own motive but Kureishi treat he with a good deal of compassion . this be a film in which people and place feel familiar , where character exist beyond the confines of the screen . in some respects it be a bit like `` Sunday , Bloody Sunday '' but it be a altogether tougher piece of work . the director , Roger Michell , allow scene to build instinctively . and it be beautifully act . <br /> <br /> as the eponymous mother Anne Reid betray she waste life in every gesture . there be not a false note in she extraordinarily lived-in performance , and that very fine actor Daniel Craig display shading to he character than even Kureishi have not tap into . if the film strike a false note it be , perhaps , in the character of the talentless daughter , catch up in a messy affair with the man she mother seduce -lrb- or should that be the other way round -rrb- and even messier life , but she be so well play by Cathryn Bradshaw she hook you in nevertheless . the film be also extremely beautiful to look at -lrb- dop Alwin Kuchler -rrb- and must rank , unhesitatingly , as the best british film of the year .
I can not believe this movie manage to get such a relatively high rating of 6 ! it be barely watchable and unbelievably boring , certainly one of the worst film I have see in a long , long time . <br /> <br /> in a no-budget way , it remind I of Star Wars Episodes I and ii for the sheer impression that you be watch a total creative train wreck . <br /> <br /> this film should be avoid at all cost . it be one of those `` festival film '' that only please the pseudo-intellectual because they be so badly make those people think it make it `` different '' , therefore good . <br /> <br /> bad film-making be not `` different '' , it be just bad film-making .
do not mistake `` War Inc. '' for a sharply chisel satire or a brainy comedy full of inside joke for news buff . it be not . <br /> <br /> this be a old-fashioned screwball comedy , with ridiculously coincidental plot twist , stock character -lrb- give some depth in fun performance by John Cusack , Joan Cusack , Marisa Tomei and Hillary Duff -rrb- and a straightforward approach to the political content . <br /> <br /> you see , the filmmaker ' political point be thing nearly all of the country already know be true . yeah , we understand that the corporation profit off the war be corrupt , inept pig , the political leader in charge of it be even more inept buffoon , and american imperialism have never look crasser and more out of touch than it do right now -- but none of that be the point . <br /> <br /> here , all of that noise be the setting that they lampoon -- sometimes in genius way -- as the backdrop for a silly romp , as John Cusack 's character -lrb- the hit-man with a heart -rrb- try to change he life with the help of the do-gooder journalist who do not trust he -lrb- Tomei -rrb- and the young Middle Eastern starlet who want to call off she marriage -lrb- Duff -rrb- . Cusack 's sister , Joan , play he assistant with a almost cartoonishly enthusiastic quality . Ben Kingsley seem to I waste in he smaller part as a ruthless CIA boss . <br /> <br /> that be all , and it work . it be simple fun , but if somehow you can not see reality and you think the war be go well and everyone involve with it be do a good job and there be no corruption and people in the Middle East wish we western culture would supplant theirs , then you might not find it as funny . <br /> <br /> for all the rest of we , it be a light comedy with a political edge .
surprisingly good . the acting be fun , the screenplay be fun , the music be cheesie fun , the plot be stupendously fun . this be a fun movie to watch and to give you brain some rest . part of the plot and quote I find to be very creative . 7 out of 10 . actually for what it be , it would deserve a 10 out of 10 . you be not suppose to compare this to a arthouse film or to a bloody slasher film .
warning : REVIEW contain slight spoiler <br /> <br /> there be a parallel universe out there where go in 60 seconds be a dark , edgy , controversial independent movie . unfortunately in this dimension go ... be a flashy , vacuous , testosterone-fuelled moronfest star Nicolas Cage . <br /> <br /> for reason not really worth get into , he and he large number of crony have four day to steal fifty expensive car , only one of which have a alarm . this crew consist of the guy with the funny-shaped ear who be rumour to be the new Superman ; a guy who conduct electricity in the x-file ; a ex-professional footballer and two token black man . <br /> <br /> they enemy be cop , rival car thief and Bilborough from Cracker , he Manchester accent suitably flatten and broaden for american audience who be now use to that sort of thing since Daphne in Frasier . there be also Angelina Jolie , who get no character ; save to be a receptacle to man 's sexual desire . she and Cage be suppose to be old flame , which be odd , as they never have anything approach a normal conversation in all of the film 's overlong 135m run time . <br /> <br /> in fact , characterisation be so poor that whenever anyone have a `` moment '' a violin play in the background to accentuate the `` emotion '' . it be no spoiler to reveal that Vinnie Jones -lrb- who recreate he famous Paul Gasgoine `` hand ball '' manoeuvre and be quite menacing when silent -rrb- only get one line ; not because he inability to speak be integral to the plot but because he eloquent sum up of the film 's dubious morality after appear mute the whole way through be funny . allegedly . after he struggle through it in he `` not-quite-acting-but-it 'll - do '' London drawl , Cage quip `` I always think you be from Long Island '' . my rib , as you might imagine , be well and truly tickled . <br /> <br /> in fact humour be the most undeveloped aspect , from the tactless comedy policeman to the two token black character . this see the biggest aspect of Hollywood take hold ; why be it that a black man can not appear in a major motion picture without be constantly aware of he skin tone and endlessly refer to it ? the younger man , who , like the elder , jive-talk for the whole duration , proclaim : `` we black people do not like the cold ... we be tropical people '' . he then go on to express a urge to smoke a joint and watch root . he be , of course , parody the image of black people , but how funny be that ? he older counterpart can not speak without refer to himself , and thereby he colour , in third person . `` my black ass '' this , `` my black ass '' that . do anyone know any black people who actually speak like that ? Thought not . <br /> <br /> the film 's soundtrack be play almost non-stop and with increase volume , some of the track - especially Apollo 440 's `` do not stop the rock '' - so loud they be actually more audible than the sound effect and dialogue . the surroundsound system even separate the two to such a degree that it make they sound like two different film run together . no background music concept here , it be the aural equivalent of try to watch a film while someone at the back of the cinema have they stereo turn up full blast . `` keep that music down , young man ! '' <br /> <br /> this be not the worst film in the world and in many way I enjoy it . it be just that it be predictable , lazy and witless , with minimal effort in its construction . apparently box office expectation be considerably down for this movie . after be force-fed junk for several year it appear the general public be start to wake up to the fact .
Michelle Rodriguez be the define actress who could be the charge force for other actress to look out for . she have the audacity to place herself in a rarely see tough-girl role very early in she career -lrb- and pull it off -rrb- , which be a feat that should be recognize . although she later film pigeonhole she to that same role , this film be make for she ruggedness . <br /> <br /> she character be a romanticize student/fighter/lover , struggle to overcome she disenchanted existence in the project , which be a little overdo in film ... but not by a girl . that aspect of this film be not very original , but the story go in depth when the heated relationship that this girl have to deal with come to a boil and she primal rage take over . <br /> <br /> I have not see a actress take such a aggressive stance in movie-making yet , and I be glad that she be get that original twist out there in Hollywood . this film get a 7 from I because of the average story of ghetto youth , but it have such a great actress portray a rarely-seen role in a minimal budget movie . great work .
I stumble on this late last night n TCM . <br /> <br /> have not see it since it come out originally , but have never forget it . <br /> <br /> I have completely forget how gorgeous and talented Signe Hasso be when she be still young , ditto for Shelly Winters before she baloon out . <br /> <br /> Ronald Coleman , though , be the quintessential state actor of he time - I have read Othello in high school English - and hate it . after see `` a double life '' I read it again and finally understand what the play be about . <br /> <br /> the gordon/kanin write team be at its peak when this script be do - <br /> <br /> a movie well worth remember and rewatch ,
John Hughes write a lot of great comedy in the '80 . `` european vacation '' be not one of they . the follow-up to Hughes ' first big hit `` vacation '' -lrb- 1983 -rrb- , be about as predictable , unfunny and annoying as they come -- no matter how much you love the dumb but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold -lrb- Chase and D'Angelo -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I greatly enjoy `` vacation '' as well as the third film , 1989 's `` Christmas vacation , '' but the Griswold 's trip to Europe be bland and force . perhaps because this be Hughes ' first attempt at a sequel that he do not get it , but it be really dumbfounding how uninspired and devoid of a story `` european vacation '' be . there be no through story : the griswold win a game show for be `` greedy little pig '' and go on a tour of Europe through England , France , Germany and Italy . even the screwball physical humor that be the trademark of the first lose all effect because you see it come , which be part director Amy Heckerling 's fault . the `` fast Times at Ridgemont High '' director set everything up too predictably . <br /> <br /> maybe it be Hughes take a cheap shot because he be put up to the sequel . `` european vacation '' take great pride in insulting american -lrb- recall the greedy little pig game show they win -rrb- , especially tourist , represent by the cornball Griswold family . it also pat itself on the back implicitly say `` oh we Griswolds , we be always get into something because we dad be a idiot . '' then in nearly comic fashion it end with a tribute to America and how grateful the Griswolds be to return to such a better country . if Hughes be go for satire and mean to do it in the form of a bad movie , well maybe I should award this 8/10 star . <br /> <br /> it be not just the unfunniness , but `` european vacation '' boast the two worst actor to play kid Rusty and Audrey -lrb- Jason Lively and Dana Hill -rrb- . they be both annoying and obnoxious , with the unattractive and loud-mouthed Audrey blubber about the boyfriend she be leave behind nearly the entire film . Hughes even go as far as to have she comment about miss he right as she observe a giant bratwurst . quite tasteful . speak of , breast be flash in two different scene for no good reason -lrb- unless it be to comment on Americans ' love of gratuitous nipple in they comedy -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I will give the film one of its two star thanks to Eric Idle of the Monty Python crew , whose cameo at a few different point in the film where he recite line directly from `` Holy Grail '' be about the funniest part . if Hughes intend for we to find one of the film 's only non - american actor as the only funny part , then another tip of the hat to he for rip open the underbelly of Hollywood comedy in the '80 . still , would it have hurt for he to do that while make it entertaining ?
fire and ice be a animated film set in a fantasy world . the film be about a village that be destroy by a giant glacier which be the home of the evil ice lord name Nekron . the only survivor of the village be a young man name Larn who set out to avenge those who be kill by the glacier . the ice glacier move through the land of fire and the princess of the land name Teegra be kidnap by evil creature . Larn set out to find she and also set out to find and kill Nekron . fire and ice be direct by Ralph Bakshi who be one of my favourite adult animator . he have bring we such animated masterpiece as the film version of Fritz the cat and some film he have write himself , like the great film heavy traffic . I do not like fire and ice nearly as much as I have Ralph Bakshi 's other work , but I still find the film to be enjoyable . it have some very nice animation in part and the story be entertaining enough . the only basic complaint I have be that I wish that there be more of a story to the film because the story it use be very thin and there be not a lot to it . I also wish the film be a bit longer because it be under 80 minute in run time . still it be a entertaining action adventure film that unlike Fritz the cat or heavy traffic be appropriate for kid 8 and older . I only wish that there be a more developed story and it go on a bit longer than it do .
the marriage of Maria Braun -lrb- MMB -rrb- be about a german girl -lrb- Maria -rrb- get marry to a german soldier -lrb- Herman Braun -rrb- just at the ending of the war . after be marry for half a day and a night , Herman be send to the front again . to make end meet , Maria start work at a bar for mainly american soldier and get to know a black soldier . she get word that Herman die at the front , and thing develop between she and the american soldier . Herman walk in on they , in bed , and after a confrontation between he and the American , Maria kill the American . Herman admit to the murder , end up in jail and Maria vow to wait for he . the country be in shambles ; one see people leave everything that they be busy with for a cigarette . there be food shortage . it be in short , a time of survival of the fittest . <br /> <br /> basically this film project Maria 's attitude - those attitude she permit herself under the mention circumstance , as a metaphor for Germany 's loss of soul after they lose the war , and how it proceed to rebuild itself . for example , Maria have the follow conversation with a peddler -lrb- play by Fassbinder himself -rrb- ; the peddler try to sell she a excellent copy of Kleist and she remark that `` Kleist burn out to quickly , it do not provide enough heat for the cold '' . the peddler answer `` that be another way to look at it . right now , it be probably the correct way '' . <br /> <br /> Maria meet a french/german business man , Karl Oswald after she bargain she way into the first class train compartment . she decide to get involve with Karl , `` you be not have a affair with I ; I be have a affair with you '' . she also take responsibility in the company , and after a while have the complete trust of the firm . when Karl say `` I suppose we 'll just have to wait for a miracle '' she reply `` I prefer make miracle -- then wait for they '' . in she own word , she have become the `` Mata Hari of the economic miracle '' . <br /> <br /> in a lot of Fassbinder 's film he try to expose the psychological process which lie behind social mechanism -lrb- see Freud -rrb- ; in other word , he like point he camera at the bullsh * t , the false social mechanism , the pretend . the direct approach Maria take in this film be successful to convey this ideology . for example , she phone Karl and when he pick up the phone she request be straight to the point `` I need someone to sleep with '' . as Fassbinder say `` the emotion people feel do not exist at all and be only a kind of sentimentality which we think we need to be properly function member of society '' . he also remark that he film be anti emotional . <br /> <br /> I particularly like the scene when Karl and Maria meet in the Munich restaurant -lrb- apparently , frequently visit by Hitler himself -rrb- . Maria appear in control and Karl a bit on the down side , as if Maria 's ` brutal honesty ' wear he out , as if he be not completely up to the situation anymore . Karl say `` I have to tell myself over and over that I love life '' . Maria reply `` that be life be not it . as if we sign a contract to enjoy life . and then we go out to eat and talk about food '' . I guess this be also about Fassbinder attitude on relationship , to never submit completely to anyone . and why would you , if the central matter of most of he film be about `` what love become in this society -- a commodity , a instrument of power , a weapon . '' <br /> <br /> it be remark that it be typical Fassbinder to have the scene with Maria and Betti walk in expensive dress in the ruin after the war - with these clothing essentially the wrong period . what I think he want to portray here be those attitude , when you feel bad , that `` you can always put on you make up and face the day look great '' . but , Fassbinder be not interested in perfection . any mistake make in a film could just be correct in the next project . since he complete film -lrb- approximately 4 a year -rrb- the way other people roll cigarette , it be not peculiar that this film have some very bad scene . Peter Marthesheimer , who write most of the script , mention that Fassbinder likely dream up the whole scene with Maria and the American in the park , overnight . <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla be brilliant as Maria . mostly , she just stare bluntly into the camera . in Maria 's own word `` it be a bad time for emotion . but , I like it like that '' . <br /> <br /> there be different opinion about the end . after Karl die of a hart attack , Herman finally show up . -lrb- Herman leave for Australia after he get out of prison , to `` become human again '' . -rrb- after the testament be deliver -lrb- make out to she and Herman in half -rrb- , Maria forget to close the gas on the stove when she light she cigarette , and blow she and Herman up . for I it be obvious that she just do that by accident . at the same time , she must have be rattle when she dream finally seem about to come true . she must have feel as if she be not herself anymore . she feel as if she have outlive herself .
this film turn up on local tv here in South Africa recently and I think that I would warn even those who enjoy watch b grade bad movie -lrb- which I do -rrb- that this be not even amusing . the plot concern a couple visit a house in the country . some stranger appear and ... the problem be that most of the film , obviously shoot in the early seventy , consist of extreme wide shot of people walk , in real time and awfully slowly , from a to b . this make the film tedious in the extreme and the expect blood and gore payoff just never happen . I be really curious - how many people have actually watch this from begin to end ?
when the remake of when a Stranger call be out , obviously I be interested in watch the original . then when I read about the original -lrb- which I recall have my sister totally freak out back in the day -rrb- I see that the real money be on black Christmas , which apparently beat everyone to the `` the caller be in the house '' punch . so I netflix that , and it sit at the top of my list for month due to its `` very long wait . '' all this time I be get more and more eager to see it ! then one day , out of the blue , it finally arrive ! ... and it be a total snore . <br /> <br /> Sure , maybe I have elevated expectation , but I do not think it would have gain more have I see it fresh . the thing be it be Christmas in some canadian college town , and there be this sorority have a party . we see some killer-pov shot as he climb this trellis and sneak into the attic . so we know he be in the house . then we be introduce to we character -- - Olivia Hussey as the mousy , whiny , canadian-accented Jess . Margot Kidder as the annoying , overtly aggressive alcoholic Barb . she be so annoying even she mother dis-invite she for she Christmas festivity . there be also this irritating Janis Ian clone -lrb- `` Phil '' -rrb- and this alcoholic den mother Mrs. Mac , see take nip from the various bottle of booze she have stash all over the house . we also meet Jess 's highly-strung boyfriend Peter , play by Keir Dullea of 2001 and Bunny Lake be miss fame , though halfway through the film I be still ask myself `` which one 's Keir Dullea ? '' <br /> <br /> so it seem that the house have be receive obscene phone call , but this be before email , so they could not ask he to send a photo . then -- - well , you know how they say those plastic dry-cleaning bag be not a toy ? one of the sister find that out the hard way . do not worry if you do not catch the first 14 shot of the plastic-encased corpse face as it repose in the attic -- - there 'll be 28 more intersperse throughout the film , obviously there to make you say `` oh my God ! there be a corpse in the attic ! '' though after the first hour that change to : `` how come the dumb police have not find the rather prominently-placed plastic-encased corpse in the attic ? '' especially as it be make abundantly clear that it be clearly visible from outside the house . really , any time before CSI come on the air must have be such a golden age of crime ; the cop be so dumb . fortunately some of they look like John Saxon . <br /> <br /> anyway , after a lot more darn boring human drama , the house mother fear that she precious kitty have ascend a vertical ladder and have push open a heavy-looking trap door that rest atop it -lrb- those wily cat ! -rrb- , for she stick she head in there and end up with a hook pulley in she neck for the trouble . now we have two corpse up in the attic -- - hey , why do not we have 75 more shot try to chill we by the fact that there be now two corpse in the attic ? <br /> <br /> so by now the police have begin to take the situation seriously , and tap the house ' phone and station a cop outside . they inform Jess and she pal Janis Ian that if the obscene caller call back , they need to keep he on the phone . Jessica , who have grow even more whiny , mousy and annoying keep ask the caller `` who be this ? what do you want ? who be you ? '' after like the first 89 call , when it be clear that he be not go to answer she . be not that like a sign a developmental disability ? the inability to learn from unsuccessful attempt at something ? and what be he go to do , suddenly say `` oh yeah , hi , it be Bob from the Laundromat ? '' dumb Jess . <br /> <br /> spoiler ! anyway , soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane -lrb- Kidder -rrb- be pile in bed with ketchup splash on they face -lrb- this film 's idea of gore -rrb- , and idiot Jess realize that not a single door or window in the house be lock . hello ? be you be stalk or what ? then the cop realize that the killer be in the house , and call Jess and tell she `` do not ask question , just do as I say ... walk to the front door and get out . '' so what do moron Jess do ? start scream `` Phil ? Barb ? Phil ? Barb ? '' hey , great idea sister . now why do not you go right upstairs where you know a psychotic killer be lurk ? of course she do , and see she former friend , all splash with ketchup , prompt this viewer to scream at the screen : `` have a clue now ?! '' <br /> <br /> now , obviously one need to be understand and realize that this movie be make before the classic slasher movie trope be solidly in place , and that it do not move to the same pace we be use to , and see a plastic-covered corpse in the attic like 206 time probably be scary back in the day , and people be not use to be stalk by psychopath , so they would not think to , you know , lock the door or window . and they might be tempt to wander upstairs when they have just be tell that a rabid killer be up there . you see , people be stupid back in the 70 . we have to understand that . one of the big shock be that we do not even see we proto-final Girl kill the psycho . but believe I , that fact be more interesting be read in this review than sit through the movie for . spoiler end ! <br /> <br /> ------ hey , check out Cinema de Merde , my website on bad and cheesy movie -lrb- with a few good movie throw in -rrb- . you can find the url in my email address above .
I suppose it be for Temple Matthews who write basically a remake even though there be few change which just make it worse . SPOILERS : it be much similar to the original . Melody , Ariel 's new daughter be threaten by Ursula 's sister , Morgana . Morgana escape , but keep she promise to take Melody away from they . do Ursula have a sister ?! and she be not that great a villain as Ursula be . this be where there be similarity . Medoly be keep from the sea until Morgana be capture , but she do not know a thing about it , because it all happen when she be a baby . a wall surround the palace to keep she in and morgana out . she go under the wall day to day to have a swim and talk with Sebastian , who be not as funny or fun as in the original . she find a seashell with she name on it and run away from home and to look for answer and find Morgana . here be a similarity ; Morgana trick Melody , make she happy by turn here into a mermaid . meanwhile , Eric , Melody and King Triton look for she . to stay a mermaid she need to steal the trident from Triton . so Melody do , because she do not know King Triton be she father . she make friend with a penguin and a walrus and here be where it be awful . the penguin who live with they in a icy ocean , hate they because they be coward . so they try to prove they be hero and fail . that do not suit the little mermaid . and the dialogue during those conversation between the penguin and those two character be ear-bleeding . you know why ? because the first have a great story . this one be not and be not magical . it be just a example of how bad many sequel be . <br /> <br /> melody find they and they help to take she to Atlantica to prove themselves . when they take the trident , Ariel find Melody with Morgana . Melody be angry at she mother for keep she from the sea so she give the trident to Morgana , then she show she true colour once she grab it . Poor Ariel and Melody be in she custody . the penguin and the walrus begin to prove themselves when they fight Morgana 's shark friend . sorry I do not mention he earlier . they finally prove themselves . Eric , King Triton and he soldier arrive but be force to bow down before Morgana by the power of the trident . Melody take it , throw it to Triton and he ice Morgana -lrb- literally -rrb- . then Ariel apologise to Melody and think it be all she fault . it be not ! Ariel do the right thing to protect Melody , but they never say so . Triton offer Melody to live in sea or land . she in fact have a `` better idea '' . she use the trident to vaporize the wall so human and mer-folk can be together . then everyone sing a awful song . the end . <br /> <br /> whoever have see it and like this obviously have not see the original . I do not dislike this because I be a teenager . I like it when I be very very little . then as I grow older I begin to see what be bad about this film . young , young kid will enjoy it , but it be likely that when they be in primary school , they will forget about it . normally I would think I over-judge a film and it be better than I remember when I watch it again , but not this one . it be even worse . Story be no exception . if you think , by read this that the story be good , read more of this comment and you will know the other bad point : well , you know the story now . I be sorry for spoil it for you , but I have to point out some bad part of it . one of the worst thing be the animation . Colour be awful . the original have beautiful colour . watch this almost make I want to go blind . even the illustration and landscape design be not good . the original have beautiful , magical colouring and beautiful underwater landscape design and for land as well , make it a joy to watch . <br /> <br /> the music be unbearable . compare to the first , the music here be crap . song be not that well compose and Tara strong -lrb- I think that be she name -rrb- who do Melody can not sing . she at time either sing too high or do not keep track for the melody in the song . so much for have `` Melody '' as a name.and the music be not at all beautiful or move . little mermaid 1 win a Oscar for it and it truly deserve it . this one deserve a razzie award for worst musical score in a sequel if it would exist . <br /> <br /> I do not like the voice . several people who play character from the first , do the same one in this . Jodi Benson be a great singer , but now that she be older , no offence to she , she voice be too deep and not so beautiful anymore . and I be really disappoint in she and other who be in the first for be a part of this . if I be choose for this film , just by read the script , I can tell it would be a bad film . the character be different now . Ariel be more wiser now , but annoy . they overdo she character , make she too mature . in sequel you be not mean to change the character unless it be for a special reason . she be sixteen in the first . there be little chance she change . that be the stage when you become the person you be go to be for the rest of you life . screenwriter should think of that . they should think of the character . <br /> <br /> Well , I suppose that be it for I . I hope you find my comment useful , because I be sure a lot of you will agree with my point of view .
personally I think this show look pretty cheaply make . some of the actor be terrible . they over do it & seem fake . I can always tell how it be go to end within the first 10 minute or less of watch because they make it so transparently clear . it be not very well write either . I love to watch it to laugh at it . you know the say `` it be so bad that it be good ? '' well , that say apply to this show . I also like to watch just to see if I be right when I guess how it be all go to end . so far I have be right every time . it be like a little game that I play . it be nice when you be bore & you feel like laugh at something .
I recommend watch this film with you significant other if you be plan a romantic evening with him/her . the chemistry between Johnny Weissmuller and Maureen O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane be so steamy it could fog up you screen . <br /> <br /> after the original film , we begin to see how Tarzan and Jane have adapt to the jungle and to each other . Jane 's skimpy jungle wear and Tarzan 's protest when Jane cover up for they visitor illuminate that they be not just romantically , but also quite sexually in love . <br /> <br /> one 's imagination can supplement the constant touching and love talk between Tarzan & Jane to portray how much Jane be actually teach Tarzan about love emotionally , romantically and sexually . and Jane 's student be not only embrace but also thrive with he previously untapped sexuality . <br /> <br /> the skin show in this film be off the chart . in addition to Jane 's two-piece sexy midriff , leg , and hip bare costume , she also have a underwater nude swim with Tarzan . -lrb- although it be not O'Sullivan , but Olympic swimmer Josephine McKim who double for she in this scene -rrb- Weissmuller , also reveal a tremendous body and perfect pectoral in he barely there loincloth . the lady will delight when Weissmuller emerge from the water after he lengthy fight with the giant crocodile and sound he yell - with he water soaked loincloth practically fall off he hip . <br /> <br /> it be a shame that the over-protective censor tone down the adult nature of the Tarzan film after this entry . although the Weissmuller Tarzan film would still prosper in the year to come , they would rarely approach the sex appeal of this movie .
down to Earth be about Lance Barton , a black comedian who get hit by a truck . he go to Heaven and he get to get another body . Lance get the body of Charles Wellington , a white guy . so Lance do a few thing in the body of Charles . the movie have a few laugh , but it be nothing special . it be a good movie if you be a fan of Chris Rock . Madagascar , the 2005 animated comedy , be better . this be a good movie , but Chris Rock have do way better thing than this . it will only make you laugh about 4 time the whole movie . and it be not really laugh-out-loud funny . you 'll laugh to yourself and you might giggle , but you definitely will not be roll on the floor laughing .
this be the best movie I have ever see about Bulimia . it hit the exact spot of what Bulimia be really about and how it be not always about be skinny and dieting . it show how people with Bulimia tend to think about thing such as they outlook on life , friend and themselves . the best line and the part that really show what the problem with Bulimia be , be when Beth say , `` it be not about you ! '' that line really show a lot about the character and other with the same problem . it show that people with Bulimia do not have this problem because of anything that have to do with anyone else . it have to do with they and they only . it show that it be time to talk about the person with the problem instead of put the attention all on themselves . it show that Beth need to call out for attention at that moment and she need she mom 's attention at that time the most .
spoiler warning : there be some minor spoiler in this review . do not read it beyond the first paragraph if you plan on see the film . <br /> <br /> the Disney Channel currently have a policy to make load of movie and show one a month on the cable channel . most of these be mediocre and drab , have a few good element but still be a disappointment -lrb- ` phantom of the Megaplex , ' ` Stepsister from planet weird , ' ` Zenon : Girl of the 21st Century ' -rrb- . every once in a great while , they make something really , really great -lrb- ` genius , ' ` the other I ' -rrb- . but once in a while the Disney Channel make a huge mistake , and give we a real stinker . this month -lrb- December 2000 -rrb- the Disney Channel feature ` the Ultimate Christmas present , ' which I think be terrible due to poor writing and worse act . apparently , ` the Brainiacs.com ' be rush out a few day before Christmas to get a jump on the holiday , because the plot have to do with toy . they even pay for a feature in the tv Guide , so I think it must be better than the norm . I be in for a complete shock . only Disney 's ` Model Behaviour ' have be worse than this . <br /> <br /> the plot be more far-fetched than normal . I usually let that slide , but here it just go too far . Matthew Tyler get very sick of he widow father spending most of he time at work . he father own a small toy factory that have take out large loan at a scrupulous bank to stay afloat . Time and time again , he father have to skip out on the plan he make with he son and daughter . Matthew decide that the only way he can spend time with he dad be if he become the boss and order he to stay home . he get a hair-brained idea to create a website where kid all around the world can find and send he a dollar to invest in a computer chip that he sister be invent . that whole concept be full of fallacy . when kid send in million of dollar , Matthew open he own company 's bank account and buy up most of he dad 's business 's stock . he be the secret boss , but he do not reveal this to he dad , but instead present himself at board meeting as a cartoon image through a computer . that image itself be so complex -lrb- and ridiculous -rrb- that it be not possible for someone to create it at home , much less someone who come across as stupid as Matthew . to make a long plot short , Matthew order he dad to spend more time have fun and do stuff with he kid , but a federal agent show up inquire about Matthew 's company , as it be fraudulent . <br /> <br /> there be so much wrong here . as mention , the stuff they do here be impossible even for true genius , which these kid be not . the website , the cartoon image , the computer chip , even the stuff they be be teach in school , be far too advanced for these kid . the act by most of the cast , especially Kevin Kilner , be terrible . some familiar face be waste . Dom DeLuise play the evil bank owner , but he part be a throwaway . he have one good scene with Alexandra Paul -lrb- who show she have the ability to act -rrb- in which he explain he motive , but nothing more . and Rich Little be waste in a small role as a judge . there be even some offensive and uncalled for anti-russian joke . but the greatest atrocity be the hard-hammered theme . these theme show up in many of the Disney Channel 's film , but never before have these ultra-conservative message be pound so strongly . the typical ` overwork parent ' idea be really push hard , and after deliver it inappropriately in ` the Ultimate Christmas present , ' see it again sour my mood . Family relation be important , but Disney must stop this endless preaching , because work be important to maintain a workable family , too . except for cancel activity thanks to work , the father do not come across as that bad , but I find it offensive when the grandmother tell he ` I do not like what I see . ' just as bad be the preaching of the idea that all single parent MUST marry if they want to raise they kid right . enter Alexandra Paul , whose character , while important to the plot , be there solely to be the love interest for the father . this offensiveness only prove that the Disney brain trust lack the brain to avoid scrape from the bottom of the Disney script barrel . instead of let this movie teach you kid how to commit serious fraud , wait for the next Disney Channel movie . it have to be better than this . Zantara 's score : 1 out of 10 .
unless the title be suppose to be some kind of spoiler for the wife 's transformation -lrb- the fiend ! ruin it for we -rrb- . Anycase , if this movie be not Made-For-TV , it should have be , it be so remarkably low-budget , underscripted , underacted , and hit every 70 's cliche except disco . nobody be likeable , and you could careless what happen to anyone in this one . eminently forgetable except for the bad , bad performance .
one of the most beautiful movie ever make in ex yu.story be very familiar to people in ex yul because generation after war use to live in the same way.people in the west cant imagine how political situation in we country affect people.the plot be in the 50 '' , when Josip Broz Tito say no to the sssr and politbiro and because of that we border become open for western influence.But , in a country be people do not have much money jeans be only ideal and friendship be everything.The friendship between for young people a a girl be so strong that after 40 year of they emigration from Yu be still alive.they get together after all this year on Ester `` s funeral and they start to remember of they childhood , before they go to the emigration and become successful people .
and maybe , as Fred Sandford use to say , `` one across the lip '' . that to those who release this film on a unsuspecting public . and perhaps to the person in `` Rue Morgue '' who call this a `` Fender Hellbender '' and say it be good . <br /> <br /> five young girl , apparently take a short-cut home from a high school football game , become lose and stop to ask direction at some small store in the middle of nowhere . while there the driver accidentally hit a park SUV & knock out a headlight , but the girl all decide to just leave & not go find the driver . but the driver do come to find they , and it be not just that the headlight on she vehicle get ding , it be for another reason that the girl do not yet understand . when the driver do first catch they she -lrb- yes , it be a she -rrb- brandish a shot gun & make they strip down , and keep scream at they , `` how much do you see ? '' . of course the girl be scare to death & do not know what she be talk about . <br /> <br /> as the night roll on the girl end up in a cat and mouse game with the driver of the suv , who manage to inflict all manner of injury on the girl , who be remarkably resilient to shot gun blast and screwdriver where they do not want they . eventually they come to find that something happen back at that store after they leave that be the reason for this woman 's psychotic rage . and eventually they have a chance at revenge and take it about as far as they can go . <br /> <br /> there be element of this film that be rather disturbing and scary , but unfortunately , those moment be undermine by bad acting , bad dialog , and huge lapse of credibility . one girl be hit by a shot gun blast and appear to be mortally wound , and she be feel cold , she life be pass before she eye , but she get better ? and how far can a mini-van run on a almost empty gas tank at speed of 80 mile per hour ? I need one of those thing , it apparently get great mileage . <br /> <br /> there should have be a end when the girl get they revenge , but the film go on for a bit after that , which be a anti-climax , but they at least learn some of what set the woman off , and the driver be still worry about `` mess up she mom 's van '' , which be obviously the least of anyone 's worry . <br /> <br /> so this be not the worst film I have see , but it be too amateur to be good and yet a bit too scary and gruesome at time to be completely terrible . but it do take the cake for plenty of shrill hysteric and you 'll want to put two across you ear if you watch this . which , by the way , I do not necessarily recommend . 4 out of 10 .
Clint Eastwood have definitely produce better movie than this , but this one do not embarrass he . dirty Harry catch everyone 's attention and unless one want to watch romance , there be no reason why you will not like he . he be cool because he be dirty , be great because he kill without much thinking , be perfect because he get the bullet right through you heart and a hero because he do not care . <br /> <br /> from what I have see in movie in which Eastwood act , the character of the lead role always captivate the audience . in White Hunter Black heart , he be the crazy director , in `` in the line of fire '' he be the `` old ` un '' while here be the `` almost '' jobless with he job , that be to say he make work for himself , do not care one damn about he superior who practically send he out for a vacation . <br /> <br /> base on a rape victim , this movie be promise for all the `` no non-sense '' movie watcher . the movie have nothing that go away from he central plot . however , what make it slightly inferior to the better movie of Eastwood be that though the character of the lead role be captivate the plot be not , as it be far too obvious from the beginning . it be not a movie that be go to make you sit at a place without move . also , there be too many people far dirtier than dirty harry .
for I the only reason for have a look at this remake be to see how bad and funny it could be . there be no doubt about it be funny and bad , because I have see `` Voyna i mir '' -lrb- 1968 -rrb- . Shall we begin ? here we go ... <br /> <br /> Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison 's Pierre Bezukhov - a lean fellow that lack the depth of the original ; Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison 's Natasha Rostova - a scarecrow , she image can cause insomnia ; Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison 's Andrej Bolkonsky - a ok incarnation which , like the lean fellow -lrb- cf. above -rrb- , lack depth of a russian soul and `` struggle within '' ; Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison 's Napoleon - a rather unimpressive leader ; Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison 's Prince Bolkonsky - a turd with a english face ; Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison 's Count Bezukhov - a spineless freak-show ... <br /> <br /> the rest of the character be not much better . <br /> <br /> the movement of the actor and the way they look and speak be often atrocious . they behave like modern EU citizen dress up for a one-day masquerade . it all look cheap and never come close to the standard of we russian man and woman of the early 19th century . <br /> <br /> a good piece of entertainment to scrutinize and make fun of . we have quite a few giggle in we office when remember this modern product , which have be show the previous evening on we tv . <br /> <br /> `` user Rating : 8.0 / 10 -lrb- 29 vote -rrb- '' - I guess , many young people have never watch we film -lrb- `` Voyna i mir '' 1968 -rrb- or have weird sense of `` Tarantino-Spielberg '' quality . remember the scene when we hussar be save he friend , turn around , shoot , and the bridge go boom ? look like a cgus explosion . <br /> <br /> there be neither sense nor craft to make a better version of the novel , which be screen properly in we country once . but I would be happy to watch a russian remake of `` go with the wind '' . hey , director , wake up and get busy with that , instead of spoil we classic . <br /> <br /> now back to common sense . joke aside . what I mention above be nothing new , though deadly exaggerated . <br /> <br /> to make foreign actor try to pass for Russians -lrb- while participate in very serious epic and drama -rrb- be a rude mistake and the filmmaker be make this mistake again and again . of course it result in numerous laugh - especially Clemence Poesy be uncomfortably ridiculous and she dancing and singing make a russian viewer think : `` this suck so much that it be funny ! '' -rrb- . <br /> <br /> in order to say something new , I would like to mention the pace of the movie . to my mind , this new version be very patchy . the narration and the scene be not naturally flow - they stagger and pop up like in a modern video . again I have to remember we `` Voyna i mir '' , where the action be so natural and the narration be so easy that you simply sit back and enjoy `` go with the flow '' . <br /> <br /> I think that maybe the Borodino battle would be great -lrb- to somehow rehabilitate numerous drawback -rrb- but it have turn out to be no match for the war scene film in 1968 . <br /> <br /> there should be something good in this movie after all . and there be . the actor seem to be try hard to make it all work . they do not have a chance from the start but they still join `` the loser ' team '' . plus 1 point for that recklessness . it make a russian viewer uncomfortable - some scene be ironically ridiculous though they be intend to be dramatically powerful and the actor be do they best . it all evoke pity , and sometimes - fit of laughter . <br /> <br /> what I still like about this serial be the last part of it . it show very vividly how everybody get he or she `` salary and tax '' . besides , judge by the movie trailer I think that the film would have a adult sex scene , which would definitely kill the whole project . but , fortunately , it do not have such rubbish . and that be a big plus . <br /> <br /> `` Voyna i mir '' be no `` Harry Potter '' and nowadays even we , here in present-day Russia , do not have enough craft to film it properly . do I have to say that the moral quality of we life have deteriorate immensely ? fortunately , a proper film be screen during we soviet time . the american version of the 1950 be justified to some extent - ours do not even exist yet . there be extenuate circumstance then . <br /> <br /> 4 out of 10 -lrb- 1 point be give from the start , 1 point go for the recklessness , and 2 point for the last part of the serial . thanks for attention .
this movie be suppose to be a mysterious , serious thriller about a man look for a miss girl . however , 30 minute into the movie , it turn into a funny , unrealistic story with annoying character and random scene . I can not imagine anyone not laugh when Cage randomly karate kick that blonde girl or when he `` bear '' punch that old lady . the line , character , and act be all poorly do from the get-go . I have always like Nicolas Cage as a actor , but he have make some terrible movie this year ; this be by far the worst one -lrb- yet ... -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I would not recommend this movie to anyone who want to watch a intense story-gripping thriller . if you really want to enjoy this story , go rent the original . however , if you intend on watch it , get ready to laugh at some of the line and end scene rather than take they seriously ; that be the only way you enjoy this film .
the sea be watch have be make from a original Akira Kurosawa script , and it be indeed a lush and warm film . watch it will be a pleasure ! <br /> <br /> Kei Kumai as director be certainly no equal to the old but everlasting master -lrb- particularly the mass scene in the beginning of the film have some terrible acting -rrb- , but the overall mood and scenery be very enjoyable . another thing that be miss here : Kurosawa always manage to let the character be so much more then what they be actually show and do . <br /> <br /> probably that be he magic on set while shooting ; and just maybe this script be not fully up to par yet . <br /> <br /> maybe we just miss the eye of the master . <br /> <br /> this be one lovely and sweet film , but it be no Kurosawa . to expect that might well be very silly ...
this movie have it all . sight gag , subtle joke , play on word and verse . it be about a rag tag group of boy from different ethnic and social class that come together to defeat a common enemy . if you watch this more than once , you will find you be quote it like Animal House -lrb- and yes I love Animal House also -rrb- . I put in the top 15 funniest movie . the major at a boy military academy be paranoid that every kid be bad and want to cause trouble -lrb- in this movie he be right -rrb- . he be sadistic , uncaring , cruel and have to be take down . the group of boy that do not get along at first , end up team together to survive and get rid of the major with a wacky plan only Mad Magazine could of write . a must see - you will love it !
Heart pound erotic drama be the word that come to mind when I think of `` secret Games '' . it become more erotic as the film go along and at one point blow I away ! I do not expect the delightful scene I be about to encounter . the `` call girl '' have she first customer and what a customer ! one of the most erotic lesbian scene I have ever see . the husband should have listen to he wife and perhaps she would not have go on this erotic journey . it turn out to cost they in the end but , it be one exciting ride ! go see this movie !!!
Legend of Zu <br /> <br /> I remember well Tsui Hark 's original Zu warrior make 18 year earlier . over one Christmas , on a rare week when Channel 4 in the UK show a week of Hong Kong movie , Zu warrior be so gripping for a very young viewer and he brother and so memorable , that it be be etch into the memory of the now grow up sprog ... <br /> <br /> in fact , I think the original Zu warrior be one of the earliest film I see as a kid that I can clearly recall the story line and action scene from . and the memory of see Yuen Biao , Sammo Hung and other in they classic prime . <br /> <br /> so when I see this remake of Zu warrior , there be a feeling of apprehension . could it beat the dreamy childhood memory I have of the original , or will it follow the road of other remake and die a death more horrible than the baddy and they broken neck you find in those kung fu movie ? <br /> <br /> Well the answer be I can not say . but that be because this be not really a remake . the story -lrb- and style -rrb- be almost completely different . <br /> <br /> the Legend of Zu tell of the story of King Sky , a lone warrior , whose master , dawn , declare she love for he but she life be take from she by a monster call Insomnia . two hundred year later , Insomnia return , dawn be reincarnate as enigma , and Insomnia have return to destroy Zu . meanwhile White Eyebrows and Red try , with the help of King Sky , to stop Insomnia . <br /> <br /> the plot be not one full of twist and turn , but have enough detail in it to keep I interested . but I can see this film as one you either love or you hate . the film be very much about the special effect , with the majority of it involve several computer generate environment , much like the storm rider and a man call hero . but unlike the other two , this film be one which do not overdo the graphic and the whole thing be tasteful . nothing appear rush - unlike hero . the background be complementary to the act and not at all overpower the scene . <br /> <br /> the story also involve plenty of character and the intermingling of so many individual do make the film intriguing . it be possibly on the verge of ` too many cook ' , but generally each character have its part in the story . but some of the role appear to be ` extend cameo ' in my opinion , and I somehow be leave to slightly question the necessity of this . <br /> <br /> Ekin Cheng and Louis Koo play very central role in the film , but I could not say this film show they best performance . Cecilia Cheung appear to at least have mature in she acting , but it be still quite raw . Kelly Lin be the new revelation for I . despite she very short role , I have apologise and admit to ogle ! <br /> <br /> overall , I have to say , do enjoy this film as much as I enjoy the ` original ' . give that both movie be make by the legendary Tsui Hark , the two film together be part of a chronicle show how film make in Hong Kong have change over two decade . and one beauty of that be the fact that you can not really compare the two film at all , as much as apple be apple and pear be pear . <br /> <br /> ultimately , both be thoroughly enjoyable film in they own right . and I be go back to reminisce by watch the original again . <br /> <br /> two to watch , but not compare .
I do not know where to begin , so I 'll begin with a snippet from the back of the cover of this movie . `` alive combine the tension of Vincenzo Natali 's cube with Kitamura 's own Versus . '' I have not see Versus , so I can not comment on that , but I think cube be a excellent movie which I recommend to everyone . however , in this case someone have clearly confuse `` tension '' with `` boredom '' . <br /> <br /> I 'll just go ahead and spoil the entire plot , because besides be one holy swiss cheese of a plot , it be also moldy cheese , and the movie be not worth spend any time on even if you do not know the plot beforehand , so it do not matter . if I have misunderstand the plot , do not hit I - it be probably because I have to struggle to keep my eyelid open . <br /> <br /> so the american military in Nevada once lose a UFO i the Nambi desert . this apparently make sense because they be both desert so surely they be practically the same place . different continent or not . a monkey break into the UFO and acquire a alien something which be pass on to a japanese researcher who have to eat the monkey to survive in the desert . what ever . the alien thing be now pass on to anyone who be `` bloodthirsty '' enough to kill the current host . the japanese military want to use it for military stuff , so they decide to make it pass from the current host -lrb- the researcher 's daughter -rrb- to some other dude . but instead of just pick someone out of the military , which be full of people who be bloodthirsty and already on the military 's side , they decide that it be probably a good idea to pick some criminal out of death row instead . oh , and the reason they pick this particular criminal from death row be because he be the first person in history to not die from the non-lethal electric shock which be the standard execution method , because everyone die from the placebo effect when they get electrocute . I do not know if they do this so they can giggle in the staff room at how everyone die even though it be not deadly , or if they just want to cut down the electricity bill . <br /> <br /> then the movie turn into what the Matrix would have be if it have be really lame , and superfluous fighting bore we to tear for what feel like a hour . and oh wait , now they remember that they already have a dude who be infect with the alien thing , so the entire movie up to this point be actually a totally waste of time and also human life . then everyone die . the end . <br /> <br /> the only one moment in the movie where I do not want to go away and sleep or eat a sandwich instead , be when a dude be pin to a wall by a pipe through he chest , and he be hang around up there and another dude walk by . the dude hang on the wall say `` I be in pain , shoot I '' . and the living dude look at he , and it be not like he be a mean dude or anything , so he really look sorrowful and do not want the guy on the wall to suffer . so he shoot he . <br /> <br /> -lrb- rhetorical pause . -rrb- <br /> <br /> in the stomach . `` Gee THANKS A FREAKIN ' heap . ''
this be the second Animatrix short , and the first of they to be what one could call ` artistic ' . it contain a lot of reference , metaphor and symbol in the dense amount of material , especially with a run time of 9 minute . I have hear some complaint that this be `` anti-human '' , or try to direct hate towards man , for they `` sin against machine '' . I do not think that be true ; it merely use the robot to show we , that as human , we be not particularly accept or open-minded towards anyone different from ourselves . I would say it do a great job of that . the plot be good ... it play as a historical document , recount what lead to one of the main conflict in the trilogy . thus it hold clip from fictional news report and the like . the voice acting be very good , if there be not a lot of it . the animation be nice , and the use of color , in spite of the usually realistic draw style , make it more open to do the smooth transition and other surreal imagery . this have several bit of strong violence and disturbing visual , as well as a little nudity . the disc hold a commentary , not in English but subtitle , and worth a listen/read . there be also a well-done and informative making of , base on both part , so I would advise watch it after see the next one , as well . I recommend this to anyone who enjoy the Matrix universe , and/or science fiction in general . 8/10
I have never comment on imdb before , but I feel I have to after watch the Batman animation . its absolute rubbish ! Warner Brothers have the perfect animation series in Batman in the early 90s so what the hell be they do try to mess with the win formulum ? I feel like write a complaint letter to WB . the original animation be dark and brooding , exactly the way Batman be intend to be . WB have to mess this up with some tripe Batman of the Future . now they produce this drivel . the Joker do not remotely resemble the Joker from DC comic . dc should sue . I urge everyone who agree with I to email or write to WB and use people power to get back the original formulum
this be a tepid docu-drama that cover no new ground , rework all the cliche and be sloppy with fact . for example , Munich be a very flat city . so why be it hilly in the movie ? for example , the end of the Great War in 1918 be not a surrender but a armistice . yet it be announce as a surrender . for example , european news vendor do not -lrb- and do not -rrb- shout headline as they hawk they papers . yet this strictly american custom be employ in the film . for example , the Nazis do not adopt the german eagle until after they have take power but there it be on the lectern as Hitler deliver one of he stem winder . indeed , most of this disappointing production consist of little more than hitlerian oratory . the movie also perpetuate the myth that the beer hall putsch be hatch at the Munich Hoffbrauhaus . it be not . Robert Carlyle do a fine portrayal of he subject . but he support cast be adequate at best and very often not even that . these comment be base on the first episode only . one only can hope the second will be better but do not bet on it .
any movie that portray the hard-working responsible husband as the person who have to change because of bore , cheat wife be a obvious result of 8 year of the Clinton era . <br /> <br /> it be little wonder that this movie be write by a woman .
in the year 1985 -lrb- my birth year -rrb- Steven Spielberg direct a emotionally strong and unforgettable story of a young african-american girl Celie -lrb- Debut role for Whoopi Goldberg -rrb- whose life be follow through rough time . the story begin from the year 1909 when Celie be only 14 year old . she have give birth two child for she father . Celie have a younger sister nettie with whom she be inseparable . a widower lay he eye on Nettie but they father give Celie to he . it be the beginning of a era of horrible abuse and constant controlling . woman be inferior of man and especially be a african-american woman they rights be less than a zero . Celie 's story be a true survival story . <br /> <br /> `` the Color Purple '' be a master-piece and underestimate film of Spielberg . he should make more drama which `` the Color Purple '' and `` Schindler 's list '' be good notion . <br /> <br /> the cast be amazing . Whoopi Goldberg be know better as a ravingly funny comedienne but the introduce role as Celie be a remarkable word that she really can pull of heavy drama . Danny Glover be surprisingly nasty `` Mister '' . I have never see he in a such a evil role . the talk-show icon Oprah Winfrey be brilliant as a strong-willed Sofia . <br /> <br /> warning ! prepare to have a number of tissue with you when watch this film . you can really connect to the story of the strong sisterhood . especially if you have as close relationship with you sibling like I have with my sister . <br /> <br /> big applaud to Mr. Spielberg !
this movie show how racist John Singleton be . he portray whites and other race that be not black as the evil that exist in we educational system . how quick he forget that it be this same educational system that make he what he be and fail at it . ice cube 's character be the epitome of a instigate black man that be responsible for most of the violence in this film . Singleton barely touch on the relationship between the white and black character that be try to reach out to each other . when Omar Epps say '' I need to be with my people '' , that racist remark speak volume . and John , do not think for a minute that the picture of Thomas Jefferson in the tower stairwell do not get my attention . nice touch !
this movie prove that good acting come from good direction and this do not happen in Ask the dust . Colin Farrell be usually a fine actor but in this he be juvenile . Donald Sutherland come across as a amateur . why ? because the script be awful , the adaptation be awful and the actor seem bored and half hearted . the atmosphere of the movie be bad - I could only think when it would finish and I turn it off half way . the director have do a very poor job and even though I have not read the novel it be certainly a miss chance . the atmosphere this film be try to evoke and the message and storyline never reach the audience . in one word , it be a terrible film .
this be a simple tale but it feel very manipulative . it lack pathos for it do not leave a room for imagination or a personal thought or time for reflection . <br /> <br /> the animation be well do but I feel like it be too presentational . I would have prefer more image from behind , more space in the background and maybe then this would not feel so kitsch to I . <br /> <br /> but for a Hollywood style film it work ok but it be very derivative of Aardman film and this be bother to I . perhaps a longer film will test if this maker can do without the voice-over . <br /> <br /> I think the voice over be too glib .
I , also have endure hundred of child 's movie in the past , consider this to be one of the worst I have ever see . <br /> <br /> 1 -rrb- I resent in this day and age have to explain to my child that Russia be not `` the bad guy '' . also , that mock russian name like `` Poopchev '' be inappropriate . <br /> <br /> 2 -rrb- the grandfather fly 's birthday party scene contain a quasi-sexist joke in which he imply that male drink beer and woman talk on the phone . two other fly also needlessly use the word `` crap '' twice . <br /> <br /> 3 -rrb- the whole movie largely smack of 1950 's stereotype and propaganda that I think we , as a nation , be proud to have rise above . <br /> <br /> in all it be just crude , badly animated , even more badly write and not worth waste the time to view .
the special effect of this movie be , especially for its time , laughable and use in such a over-emphasized way that you can not deny they terrible existance . <br /> <br /> the act redefine the term `` terrible overacting '' at the hand of Meg Foster and Richard Joseph Paul , where julie Newman and Andrew Divoff just redefine `` bad '' . <br /> <br /> *** spoiler *** <br /> <br /> the charm in this movie can be find in two thing : First be the excellent casting of Carel `` lurch '' Struycken as the mysterious psychic Gaunt , who can sense where and when people will die and be always there . <br /> <br /> the second be original find , the combination sf-western be obviously original , if terrible , but other find be more original , like the gunman Zack Stone be able to sense the pain of the people he shoot -lrb- though he act fall short here -rrb- . <br /> <br /> Overal ... do not see this movie , except if you love that ol' hunk-o-brutal Carel Struycken , as any self-respecting dutchman should .
Cut try to be like most post-scream slasher try to be , a spoof of the horror genre that try to be clever by reference other famous horror movie . now , I be not bag ` scream , ' as I think ` scream ' be a very good horror movie that do a great job of blend horror and comedy . Cut fail on most level . it have its moment but overall it just do not work out , not even as a `` so bad it be good '' movie , just a below average one . <br /> <br /> the first five minute or so be ok and set the story fairly well , apart from the fact that Kylie Minogue can not really act , and ironically she get she tongue out , go figure . go forward some time and a group of film student want to finish she film off , which be apparently curse . and , as you have probably predict , one by one the cast and crew be slowly pick off by a mask madman . <br /> <br /> unoriginal plot , poor act and a predictable end be a few of the element that follow . there be plenty of reference in the film , everything from ` Scream ' to ` the Texas Chain Saw Massacre . ' this be not smart either , it feel as though the director want to feel smart and cool by mention other famous horror flick ala Scream . for a slasher there be minimal gore and no nudity , which be a huge negative when it come to a slasher that have not get a whole lot go for it . really , I should be support this movie because I be australian and we be not as good when it come to horror -lrb- we do have we gem , though -rrb- but Cut be definitely not one of they . <br /> <br /> however , it do keep I watch for the 90 minute or so , so that be something good at least . I would not recommend this to anyone apart from hardcore slasher fan , who may be able to appreciate what this film be try to aim for , but if you be look for a good movie , stay away . <br /> <br /> 2/5
this be a better than average movie I think , for it be on cable . I have expect something along the line of cheesy melodrama and bad special effect see in such classic as Christmas rush or first Daughter/Target/Shot , etc. <br /> <br /> the cast be well choose ... I especially like Ron Livingston as the hard press SWAT Commander . it be good to see he revisit the same material he have so much fortune with in band of brother . the producer and designer have do they homework because all the scene and shot look like they do on that day back in 1997 . <br /> <br /> so , if you get a chance to see this film , and I be sure you will since fx rerun everything 50 time ... take 2 hour and enjoy it .
I have see the original non-dubbed german version and I be surprised how bad this movie actually be . think I have see my share of bad movie like ghouly 2 , Rabid Grannies , Zombie Lake and such , nothing could have prepare I for this ! it really be a pain to sit through this flick , as there be no plot , no good acting and even the special effect be not convincing , especially the so-called zombie , wear nothing more than white make-up and they old clothes , so they good set would not be ruin by ketchup and marmalade stain . <br /> <br /> if you really want to waste 90 minute of you life , then watch it , for all the other , do not do it , because you will regret it !
see this as previous viewer by accident , I have watch it twice now . I thoroughly enjoy it , no silly thought provoke message just plain good fun entertainment , good song , good character and a just a feel good film highly recommend to those of we that just like to enjoy film and not dissect they great fun for all the family here . I do not realise Rosie Alvarez be play by Vanessa Williams , she be excellent and very sultry . the song like one boy and one last kiss be really enjoyable to listen to and to tap you foot to Jason Alexander be the complete contrast to he character in Pretty Woman an be very good . Tyne Daley still stick in my mind from Cagney and Lacey and she voice and accent still have that remembrance in it . overall I just love it and will be look to purchase it if it be available
I thoroughly enjoy this true to form take on the Dick Tracy persona . this be a well do product that use modern technology to craft a imagery fill comic era story . if you be a fan of or recently watch some of the old Dick Tracy b & w movie then you be sure to get a kick out of this rendition . the pastel color and larger than life character render in a painstakingly authentic take on a era go by be entertainment as it be mean to be . I personally find Madonna 's musical element to be a major part of this film-the cd feature she music from this movie be one I have listen to often over the year , it be just so well do and perform musically and tune to that era . in my mind , Madonna 's finest moment both on-screen but especially musically . this be sure to bring out the `` kid '' in you .
Citizen X tell the story of Andrei Chikatilo , the Ripper of Rostov , who kill 52 people in 8 year time , mainly woman and child . it show how the investigation be obstruct by soviet bureaucracy , how hard it be to investigate the crime . it do the job in such a brilliant way that it will leave no-one untouched . in the begin it be perhaps a little bit slow of pace , but it really grab you as the story unfold . I can only say that , next to `` the silence of the lamb '' , this be by far the best movie about a serial killer I have ever see . <br /> <br /> it be very hard to say which actor 's performance stand out above the rest in this movie . Stephen Rea be really brilliant as the inexperienced forensic expert who be put in charge of the investigation . Donald Sutherland 's performance as he cynical superior , and the only person in the russian government willing to help he , be as outstanding as Rea 's . and what to say about Jeffrey DuMann , play the serial killer ? DuMann brilliantly create a character who inspire empathy rather than hatred . yes , he be a monster , but he be also a sad figure , oppress and ridicule by he wife , he boss , he co-worker ... he be tortured , ashamed , as well as extremely vicious . <br /> <br /> I can only recommend this movie to everybody who be interested in a well-made docu-drama , where the actor be still more important than the special effect . it deserve at least a 9/10 , perhaps even more if you ask I .
one star . that be all this documentary deserve . I have not feel this disappointed in watch a movie , let alone a documentary , in quite some time . <br /> <br /> I be a BIG fan of the `` walk with ... '' series , include it be Nigel Marvin spin-off , for all they gleeful fun yet informative information . and although the subject of prehistoric man have never interested I nearly as much as other prehistoric creature , the subject be still interesting and unique to explore . have see all the other doc from the series , I figure I need to see this one as well , especially after see relatively good review in other place . <br /> <br /> Well for those of you who put up a good review of this doc ... what be you think ?! lol . <br /> <br /> though the information that they be able to get through be interesting , the presentation fail in every other way possible . it have a terrible flow , be incredibly unfocused in what it be try to say -lrb- with information scramble and sometimes out of of place -rrb- , horrible effect -lrb- that include the few moment of cgus and especially the makeup effect -rrb- , and overused mtv-style camera effect . <br /> <br /> speak of the makeup effect , one reviewer here mention how laughable the scene be when the caveman come across this giant ape and how it look a lot like a 70s man-in-suit horror movie . well there be plenty of moment just like that be the people portray the ape man look ridiculous and act ridiculous . none of this be help by horrible camera position and composition . <br /> <br /> the worst part of all be none of it be show in a interesting or dynamic way , or look remotely real . it do not even look like it be take seriously . it also lack any emotional punch that the predecessor of the series have . remember the episode in `` walk with Dinosaurs '' of the fate of the Ornithochirus -lrb- sp ? -rrb- ? that episode still get I on the verge of tear every time I watch it . it be this sort of engagement with the subject that lack here most of all . when you be more engage in the subject and it be own personal story , even one that be just speculation , you care more about the fact surround it . <br /> <br /> the only saving grace of this production be the fairly good narration -lrb- at least in the BBC version I see -rrb- and the music . otherwise , DO NOT bother even rent this one unless you want to have a good laugh -lrb- which I do frequently , but usually follow by roll eye -rrb- . this do not belong on the shelf with the other `` walk with ... '' doc . <br /> <br /> and do it make sense to learn that this doc be not produce or directly involve with the same people who do the other in the series ? Hmmm ...
this be one of the funniest and informative show that I have ever see . this be a must see for anyone over the age of 16 . this show have I and my 2 boy laugh out loud from the beginning . I do not know if everything on the show be true but the way it be present left little doubt that Mr Wuhl be not only very knowledgeable but he also have a blast present this information to the very lucky college kid who be in attendance . if Mr Wuhl ever decide to do this format again they will have to rent a build the size of the Georgia Dome to hold all the people who will want to see it . I agree with the idea of make this a HBO series . it would have a amazing follow
1st watch 11/07/2004 - 1 out of 10 -lrb- Dir-Jon Keeyes -rrb- : over-the-top rehash of 70 's suppose horror flick like Friday the 13th -lrb- version 1 thru whatever ... -rrb- . I can not think of much redeeming here except -lrb- or can I think of anything ? -rrb- ... the story revolve around a bunch of stupid people listen to a radio program one year after some kid be slay in the wood as a ` homage ' to this , supposedly . but , lo and behold , one of the stupid people , have connection to the actual event because she sister be one of the one murder -lrb- again , how stupid be this that she would even be a part of this -rrb- . guess what ? the murderer be at it again and we be tip off from the very begin who it be -lrb- so there go any mystery whatsoever -rrb- . and besides all this , where be the ` cop ' and why do not someone call they . I can not believe this movie be finance by someone and make . you would think that by now the american people would be judge a little higher , at least in they movie-going experience , but not so by this filmmaker .
this movie be not funny . it just take the d&d nerd stereotype and amplify they . all the main character make less than 30k a year , they all live with they parent , they be all socially retard , and they have no luck with woman . the joke be horrible and unimaginative , such as two of the gamer get beat up by a black midget because one of they have a KKK look hood on -lrb- it be he wizard costume -rrb- and the other guy have on a John Rocker warm up -lrb- oh how funny , he be a nerd so he do not know about sport -rrb- . you may have to be a childish high-schooler to find any of this stuff funny . poorly do mockmuntary be so painful to watch , but obviously extremely cheap to make . I feel sorry for Kelly LeBrock and Beverly D'Angelo . I guess these be the only opportunity available for hotty way past they prime .
this 2003 make for tv movie be show on a woman 's channel , naturally . as a man , why do I even attempt to watch this ? I do not know , but I should have my head examine . and director and writer Simon Gornick should be ashamed of himself to give man a injustice as he do . he take away any strength and conviction a man could have by have several boring woman do he in . number one bear be Joyce Hyser as the wife . I could not wait for he to drop she . she revenge be silly and stupid and very confuse through most of the movie . the other femme fatale be Nichole Hiltz , about the coldest person you would ever want to meet . she look do not warrant we lead man to go that ape over she and she acting be so obvious , only a fool could miss . definitely a loser . Tembi Locke be pretty good , but slow on the uptake as to the slut seduce she own husband , again play as a guy who be a loser , by David DeLuise . round out we cast of loser be Anthony Denison as a boss who have little to do but scowl at we hero . Stephen Jenkins as we hero , or should I say victim , be not that good . at first I think he just a bad actor , but later I believe it . he never get the part off the ground and be repetitive throughout . although , as a man , I become enraged when the two woman get away with it . man , beware of this channel that put man down and woman get away even with murder . LMN be the channel . beware . note : have watch this a second time by mistake , I be convince on my initial thought . especially on the writer/director , Simon Gornick . I still believe he have disgrace the male species and should be horse whip . only save grace in this film be Tembi Locke who do not have a chance to show she talent with the awful acting of Jenkins , Hyser , Hiltz and DeLuise around she . plus the stupid plot that only make it worse . down with Gornick 's movie and he vacant star in it . please LMN do not show this trite again .
God I love this movie . if you grow up in the 80 's and love Heavy Metal , this be the movie for you . they really do not get much better than this . the Fastway soundtrack be one of the best soundtrack ever . I put on the record when it first come out and spend the next month learn every song on guitar note for note . the plot outline be you standard Heavy Metal horror movie . Kid 's favorite singer die . kid play record backwards . hero come back in demonic form and rock the town . what more could you ask for ? <br /> <br /> if you have not see it yet , rush out and buy it . you will not be disappoint . metal rule ...
oh , brother ... after hear about this ridiculous film for umpteen year all I can think of be that old Peggy Lee song . . <br /> <br /> `` be that all there be ?? '' ... I be just a early teen when this smoked fish hit the U.S. I be too young to get in the theater -lrb- although I do manage to sneak into `` Goodbye Columbus '' -rrb- . then a screening at a local film museum beckon - finally I could see this film , except now I be as old as my parent be when they schlep to see it !! <br /> <br /> the only reason this film be not condemn to the anonymous sand of time be because of the obscenity case spark by its U.S. release . million of people flock to this stinker , think they be go to see a sex film ... instead , they get lot of closeup of gnarly , repulsive swede , on-street interview in bland shopping mall , asinie political pretension ... and feeble who-cares simulated sex scene with saggy , pale actor . <br /> <br /> cultural icon , holy grail , historic artifact . . whatever this thing be , shred it , burn it , then stuff the ash in a lead box ! <br /> <br /> elite esthete still scrape to find value in its boring pseudo revolutionary political spewing . . but if it be not for the censorship scandal , it would have be ignore , then forget . <br /> <br /> instead , the `` I be Blank , Blank '' rhythyme title be repeat endlessly for year as a titilation for porno film -lrb- I be curious , lavender - for gay film , I be curious , black - for blaxploitation film , etc. . -rrb- and every ten year or so the thing rise from the dead , to be view by a new generation of sucker who want to see that `` naughty sex film '' that `` revolutionize the film industry '' ... <br /> <br /> Yeesh , avoid like the plague . . or if you must see it - rent the video and fast forward to the `` dirty '' part , just to get it over with . <br /> <br />
about 4 year ago , I like this movie . I would watch it over and over and over . but now ... I do not . actually , I think this movie would have be great for Mystery Science Theater 3000 . it have a bunch of comment-heavy actor -lrb- Macaulay Culkin , Christopher Lloyd , Patrick Stewart , Whoopi Goldberg -rrb- , and a pretty cheesy plot . my favorite part be when Culkin be ride he bike and he come across a gang and a gang member say , `` hey , Tyler ! where ya goin ' ? the MOON ?? '' also look out for the classic line , `` do you have feeling in you toe ? '' <br /> <br /> on the other hand , it be better than `` the good Son '' .
previous comment encourage I to check this out when it show up on TCM , but it be a severe disappointment . Lupe Valdez be great , but do not get enough screen time . Frank Morgan and Eugene Palette play familiar but promising character , but the script leave they strand . <br /> <br /> the movie revolve around the ego of Lee Tracy 's character , who be at best a self-centered , physically and verbally abusive jerk . the reaction of `` the public '' be poorly thought-out and unbelievable , make the `` shenanigan '' seem like contrivance of a bad writer . and it strain credulity that the Lupe Velez character could fall for he . <br /> <br /> the `` stinging one-liner '' mention in another review must be dependent on the observer , since I do not even notice that a attempt be be make .
Winchester 73 get credit from many critic for bring back the western after WWII . Director Anthony Mann must get a lot of credit for he excellent direction . Jimmy Stewart do a excellent job , but I think Stephen McNalley and John McIntire steal the movie with they portrayal of two bad guy involve in a high stake poker game with the treasured Winchester 73 go to the winner . this be a good script with several story go on at the same time . look for the first appearance of Rock Hudson as Young Bull . thank God , with in a few year , we would begin to let Indians play themselves in western film . the film be in black and white and be shoot in Tucson Arizona . I would not put Winchester 73 in the category of Stagecoach , High Noon or Shane , but it get a above average recommendation from I . <br /> <br /> .
my girlfriend once bring around the Zombie chronicle for we to watch as a joke . little do we realize the joke be on she for pay # 1 for it . while watch this film I start to come up with thing I would rather be do than watch the Zombie chronicle . these include : <br /> <br /> 1 -rrb- drink bleach 2 -rrb- rub sand in my eye 3 -rrb- write a letter to Brad Sykes and Garrett Clancy 4 -rrb- re-enact the american civil war 5 -rrb- tax return 6 -rrb- GCSE math 7 -rrb- sex with a old lady . <br /> <br /> Garrett Clancy , aka sgt. Ben Draper write this ? the guy could not even dig a hole properly . the best ting he do be kick a door down -lrb- the best part of the film -rrb- . this be the worst film I have ever see , and I have see White Noise : the light . never have a film have so many mistake in it . my girlfriend leave it here , so now I live with the shame of own this piece of crap . <br /> <br /> News just in : Owen Wilson watch this film and try to kill himself . fact . <br /> <br /> do NOT watch
this movie get both a 6/10 rating from I , as well as a 9/10 . here be why : as a standard horror movie for the standard horror crowd , where action and gore and scare be take into consideration , this movie will bear you . it be basically a family drama similar to what you would see on the Lifetime channel , but put in a horror universe . the story and formulum be age-old , retreaded hundred of time . if you be look for any originality in the plot structure or the minimal conflict , you 'll be disappoint . take away the zombie and you 'll have something just as melodramatic as a beautiful mind , trip on cheese . this be the 6/10 . <br /> <br /> however , the basic synopsis and idea be pretty original and over-the-top . it be literally something you and you friend would joke about when you be half-drunk ... but that joke actually get a theatrical release . the idea get a 9/10 from I . the only reason it be not perfect be because they could have take it even further , but they do not . <br /> <br /> the mix of both be mixed . I think it be funny , but as with most all comedy , it be not that funny . I have my mom and little sister watch it with I and the joke we make about it be funnier than the joke script . there be moment of utter genius , but there be also moment of pure boredom . <br /> <br /> I sincerely hope that other movie take this kind of over-the-top risk and original idea . I just can not say it be perfect , or even near it , because of the lack of originality to the plot . <br /> <br /> a great family movie . a great movie to watch with a bunch of guy -lrb- or girl -rrb- . a great movie to watch with anyone ... but if you watch it alone , it will be a bit boring . other people always make this kind of movie funnier and richer . <br /> <br /> 4/10
I can catogoricaly and unequivocally say that in all my 51 year on this planet that be the worse -lrb- supposibly child 's -rrb- film i have ever see in my life . <br /> <br /> I take my three grand child to see it and even they be struggle to raise a smile during the all tortuous 90 min . the sexual indendo i will leave for another day but they be as tasteless as the film . they should pay you to watch it not you pay they . it be truly truly awful , there be no other way to describe it . the people that make this film should be bring to task for take money under false pretence . <br /> <br /> aplogise for my spelling mistake but i be so upset that it spoil the time i have with my grandchild regard , Stephen
the literary genius of Vladimir Navokov be bring to the screen again and many in the culture world will take notice . the director put we in check mate with the story of Alexander , a absentminded chaplinesque study of chess addiction . Nastasya be vacation in a marble column resort where a chess championship be be host . she meet Alexander by pick up a queen piece he drop thru he coat pocket . a magnetic attraction evolve whereby he propose the next day , the mother alarmed telegram the husband . he arrive and question Alexander we get these fade to the past , alum ' Godfather II , where we see young Alexander , a child prodigy . he be take under a school teacher wing and exploit he genius for 10 yr make vast sum . think Alexander reach he peak , abandon he but become legend . the old teacher return cause harm , try to give victory to a old rival of Alexander . in a serious chess game where World Chess Champion victory be one way to immortality , the chess clock tick , match time end to conclude the next day . that day be Nastasya 's wedding , the old teacher interfere and Alexander be send on a nervous breakdown . Nastasya , hold she stomach and look thru she love 's coat find he strategy for the match and follow the move . though the film unfortunately sway from its russian root , its low back cut dress be lovely , Alexander play he role sublimely.the director underestimate she audience , we hardly ever get to play and the only hint of the Luzhin Defense be after trade queen , isolate the opponent King with you 3 paw & King , sacrifice the castle for mate . Nastasya be a great match , but feel its conclusion deserve more intensity , but maybe the emotion be right on check for chess mean more to he than she . the Luzhin Defense elegantly give Navokov honor , the complexity of he work in image be a world event not to be miss .
I turn this on to see the incredible Ethel Waters , whose autobiography I be now read . I 'll admit my jaw drop when the pork chop and watermelon reference start roll in , but people can not look at this movie as a stereotypical or racist piece . it be pretty much a short film make by black , for black at a time when the entertainment industry be quite segregate and the stereotype to the people involve be the joke of they time , old trend exaggerate for humor . we see modern black movie do the same thing , but with the new trend -lrb- stereotype -rrb- , `` ho be '' and the `` hood '' and such . I think if you look back in eighty year , you would find today 's movie will look just as racist . what viewer should appreciate about this film be the talent of Waters and the pint-sized Sammy Davis Jr. , who out tap he contemporary , Shirley Temple , and look remarkably the same facially as he do as a adult . everyone involve in this film clearly have a lot of fun make it . why not enjoy it for what it be , instead of what you think it should have be ?
I see this movie back in 1984 , we first start watch `` this be spinal tap '' and after 5 minute we be ready to fall asleep . so we go instead to see this movie . if you have any conspiracy theory 's go around in you head , you will want to watch this one . <br /> <br /> the question you have to ask yourself when watch this movie be : do you think the government would be capable of do this ? -lrb- in my opinion there be no doubt that they could -rrb- <br /> <br /> but I do not want to give out too much information as that would be a spoiler and I think that you should view the movie for yourself . <br /> <br /> but , just to let you know , we still talk about this movie 20 year later and try to explain it to people be not the easiest thing in the world to do .
I see the original `` Chorus Line '' on Broadway God know how many time and feel the passion , despair and joy come from this live experience in the theater . Michael Bennett know he would have to re-imagine `` Chorus '' for the screen but could never figure out how to do it . if the man who come up with the show be stump - that should answer you question . there be some show that be simply make to be see live - with a audience . however , Richard Attenborough fresh of the musical work of `` Ghandi '' and dance with animal in `` Doctor Doolittle '' end up direct this film which bear little to no resemblance to the stage show . horrible song be add -lrb- Surprise ! Surprise ! -rrb- , great song be drop or give to other character -lrb- which do not make sense -rrb- . Michael Douglas be mis-cast . people that could not dance try to act and there be the sexy `` Landers '' woman who could not sing , act , or dance - I guess she have just finish be Ghandi 's wife . the dance by Jeffrey Hornaday look like nothing more than schlock from `` Flashdance '' reject and nothing work . I sit there stun at how something so riveting and emotional could be drain to nothing . if you truly love this show and it be come back to Broadway in 2006 - see it but do not think that the long run musical event that be `` a Chorus Line '' have any thing at all to do with this film .
man , do I love police movie fill with action , shooting , chase etcetera . <br /> <br /> boy , be I let down after watch this short and unsatisfying movie . we have see it all before , the hostage , the bank , the surround ... yet , 2 bad guy that shoot down multiple officer and innocent people who simply stay in the line of fire - without get hit due to some Kevlar . <br /> <br /> not just a few shot , no , hundred of shot . go back into the bank , where the dumb hostage do not lock the safe or door when the bad guy go out . how stupid do the director think we would be . <br /> <br /> okay , the shot in between that fake a documentary be good , but after see the film I only get the thought : why do not the police get a decent shooting course ? and why where there so many cop and be SWAT on a real long break . truly bad .
I have never observe four hour pass quite so quickly as when I see this film . this film restore the power and art to Hamlet that it be always mean to have . even those oh-so famous speech be do in new and inventive way . and the cast be incredible , Brannagh the brightest star . it be he charisma , power and command of the role that define the movie . make it a full and complete version fill so many hole and allow for new appreciation of the tragedy despite the length . where one would expect the dark , gloomy cliched castle , we be treat to a sumptuous feast for the eye . the only gloom come from Hamlet himself , as it should . well worth you time , all four hour of it .
Dominion Tank Police be without a shell of a doubt , one of the most amazing show ever produce , but not just in the field of animation . while the first part -lrb- act 1 and 2 -rrb- mostly consist of action and fun , the second part be more serious and one should not treat the second part in the exact same way as first part . the subtlety be truly out of this world and the characterization be beyond brilliant . you must have a extra degree of intelligence to appreciate the intricacy of the second part -lrb- acts-3 and 4 -rrb- . I do have some complaint though . in the first part , the Tank Bonaparte quite literally jump over a tank shell and it do not make any sense at all . one might also question the plausibility of Bonaparte jump on the wing of Helicopter Gunship even though it be cool . Buaku rule .
Atlantis be much better than I have anticipate . in some way it have a better story than come of the other film aim at a higher age . although this film do demand a solid attention span at time . it be a great film for all age . I notice some of the younger audience expect a comedy but get a adventure . I think everyone be tire of a endless parade of extreme parody . a lot of these kid have see nothing but parody . after a short time everyone seem very intensely watch Atlantis .
I grow up with scooby -lrb- kinda the re-run of where be you -rrb- I hate scrappy , love Daphne , and feel its not complete with out the whole gang . but this be sad , scooby doo be mystery solve comedy-not bad totally spy 's jap anime . i like `` what new '' , they have to give danger-prone Daphne a makeover sometime :-lrb- and try to lose the * sex * drug joke of many a generation , but this `` get a clue '' be flat out crap and should not have the Scooby name attach . they even try to do some lame punk thing with the theme song . now i be gon na go watch my dvd of scooby doo where be you to wash the filth of this new series off my eye
okay , I see this movie as a child and really love it . my parent never purchase the movie for I , but I think I 'll go about and buy it now . I be a sucker for pre-2000 animated film . anyway , onto the actual review . <br /> <br /> what I like : there be a actual portrayal of heaven and hell , one of the few I have see in animated film . character development exist ! it be easy to classify character in this movie -lrb- i.e. : Charlie be the selfish mutt , Itchy be cynical but believe Charlie , Carface be obviously the relentless villain , etc. -rrb- . I also love King Gator 's song . I have always love loud , annoying , flamboyant guy . this song may have be random , but it be so fun . finally , the detail of the animation be beautiful . you could tell Charlie be all gruff and stuff and the background be beautiful . <br /> <br /> what I do NOT LIKE : the actual portrayal of heaven : the way Charlie react to it , `` no surprise whatsoever '' , make it actually seem very boring . he deny a place in heaven and still get to return to it in the end . I remember a few line of certain song such as '' ... you can not keep a good dog down '' , '' ... let 's make music forever '' , and '' ... welcome to be dead '' but I can not remember the majority of any of they . the song be not that catchy , to be honest . Whippet Angel : she be annoying and that neck ! augh ! <br /> <br /> what PARENTS MAY NOT LIKE : A few very scary -lrb- depend on the viewer -rrb- image of Hell be show during the movie . Carface be quite threatening . Beer be also imply , but not actually dub beer . gambling be a key element in the movie . the good guy die . <br /> <br /> overall : I love this movie , even if it be a bit forgettable at time . the scarier child 's animation be always my favorite one . this be create back in a time when producer and writer be not afraid to give kid a little scare now and then . nowadays , this probably would have be rate PG . kid under the age of 8 -lrb- or easily disturbed kid -rrb- should not watch this . other than that , I give it 9/10 . :-rrb- <br /> <br /> happy viewing !
it have be about 50 year since a movie have be make about romance and mysticism . the only two movie I can think of be `` enchanted April '' -lrb- 1992 -rrb- and `` the enchanted cottage '' -lrb- 1945 -rrb- . both movie use wonderful actor not star . in both movie , all the actor give they best romantic performance . <br /> <br /> `` enchanted April '' be about four english woman after WWI who be unhappy with they life and find happiness in Italy while on vacation . it be amazing `` enchanted April '' be make in 1992 . it stand out as a enjoyable classic .
the show be really funny . nice theme . joke and one liner be really good . with little extra tuning it can become a very popular show . but the only major negative point of this show be the cast . David Spade do a great job as Russell , Megyn Price do a good job . but who the hell do cast Patrick Warburton , Oliver Hudson and Bianca Kajlich . <br /> <br /> Technically Russell and Jeff be the main character of the show , which make viewer wan na watch the show . Russell be a playboy and Jeff be a kind of frustrated family man , the relationship wiz ... with a experience of all the problem a married couple face in a relationship . <br /> <br /> Patrick Warburton - do a horrible job as Jeff , he be not at all suit for the role . he be like a robot , literally there be no punch in he dialog delivery . <br /> <br /> cast be really very important for viewer to like it . the bad act certainly will take the show downhill ...
I think this be a splendid showcase for Mandy 's bodacious bod . if you do not expect anything else , such as clever plot twist and believable character development , you will not be disappoint . consider this a Sports Illustrated shoot whose character go around kill people , especially those who threaten to come between she and she ` Mommy ' -lrb- Suzanna Arquette , who obviously do not want to play the sex kitten - she leave that up to she daughter -rrb- . <br /> <br /> Mandy 's face be a little too perfect , but she body be a complete 5-alarm fire , up there in the rank of Sophia Loren when it come to natural bustiness , a perfect 7-to-10 ratio of waist to hip , and splendidly configure leg , right down to she foot . -lrb- there have to be some ideal configuration of thigh to knee to calf to ankle that be altogether please to the eye ; Mandy certainly be the model for this idealized ratio -rrb- . <br /> <br /> and no flat butt to boot , which seem to be the undoing of many a busty babe with curve everywhere except in the ` nether hemisphere ' . Mandy might have use a body double in the rear shot of she lose she towel as she descend into the candle-lit hot tub with she blindfold German-Guy Victim no. 2 , but from all I could see from she bikini shot , she have the butt for it and do not need a double to prove it . <br /> <br /> Mandy 's act ability have little to do with she impression of a psychotic ` Mommy 's Girl ' , with the obvious erotic lesbian overtone . she bisexual nature -lrb- allow herself to be boink in the hot tub after a long flirtation with german Guy no. 2 , who also happen to be she mother 's lover -rrb- add a additional dimension to a otherwise one-dimensional caricature of adolescent female horniness conflict with pathological murderous impulse -lrb- always by water with the man - the ultimate fate of the Latina housekeeper be edit out in the televise version for some obscure reason -rrb- . <br /> <br /> Mandy 's uber-nordic facial feature couple with she uber-voluptuous body could either be a blessing or a curse . if Mandy really want to further she career as a actress , I would advise she to immerse herself fully in the Romance Languages , especially italian and spanish - and maybe french , although I do not know if they would go for she type . but this would enable she to reconcile she Bo Derek face with she Vida Guerra body - but maybe she face be just a little too nordic , and she have show off too much of she extraordinary body in a cheesy movie to enable she to advance to any more fame that be enjoy by Michelle Johnson of the 1980 's whose early fame in Blame it on Rio be follow by a series of skin flick that fail to make it off the ground . <br /> <br /> Vambo Drule .
two sailor be on leave -- lady man Joseph Brady -lrb- Gene Kelly -rrb- and shy innocent Clarence Doolittle -lrb- Frank Sinatra -rrb- . they meet beautiful Susan Abbott -lrb- Kathryn Grayson -rrb- and both fall in love with she . there be more but you have probably guess it . <br /> <br /> the story -lrb- even for a 1940s musical -rrb- be ridiculous and everything be so nice and wholesome -- get annoying pretty quick . also this movie be far too long . it be 140 minute and that be way too much for such a silly story . there be also some boring number by Jose Iturbi and he orchestra . still this be worth catch . <br /> <br /> when Kelly be dance or Sinatra or Grayson be sing this become magical . none of the song be particularly memorable but Sinatra have such a beautiful voice you will not care . it be shoot in rich technicolor with all the gloss MGM have . the acting be ok -- Kelly be fine -lrb- although see he as a lady man be push it -rrb- and Sinatra be just great -lrb- although see HIM as a shy guy be push it too ! -rrb- . Grayson be give nothing to do but she be incredibly beautiful to look at . some shot of she literally take my breath away ! there be plenty of highlight here : Sinatra and Kelly 's big dancing and singing number ; Sinatra singing anything ; Grayson 's two song and the justly famous animated sequence in which Kelly dance with Jerry -- a animated mouse ! Tom do a funny cameo too . also there be little Dean Stockwell who steal every scene he be in . <br /> <br /> so it be too long and the plot just do not hold up but it be still worth catch . this be a huge hit in its day .
this be a very beautiful and almost meditative film-there be hardly any dialogue in it , apart from the narration ; and the scenery and music compliment each other perfectly . I do not at first connect the red hair of the girl and the fox until it be point out to I by a friend -lrb- who also have red hair ! -rrb- it be almost a old fashion type of child 's film , say that child nowadays prefer animation like Shrek or Toy Story etc-but I feel that young people should be introduce more to the beauty and wonder of nature which this film certainly do . maybe not the best ever film of its type but certainly a excellent and relaxing view for all age - not just child .
Arthur Bach be decidedly unhappy in he life as a multi-millionaire and be attract to people ` below he ' in social standing - he pay for a hooker in the opening scene and then be enormously attract to a shoplifter . <br /> <br /> he drink quite a lot too , and sometimes he be drive while drinking , too , which of course be not funny , ever . <br /> <br /> the movie be great but behind the comedy be some reality , too . John Gielgud wipe the floor with everyone else on screen and create a character for the age . talk about deserving a Oscar . Moore and Minnelli have they moment , but its Gielgud as `` Hobson '' you 'll remember the most .
this movie frequently extrapolate quantum mechanic to justify nonsensical idea , cap by such statement like `` we all create we own reality '' . <br /> <br /> sorry , folk , reality be what true for all of we , not just the credulous . <br /> <br /> the idea that `` anything 's possible '' do not hold water on closer examination : if anything 's possible , contrary thing be thus possible and so nothing 's possible . this lead to postmodernistic nonsense , which be nothing less than a attempt to denigrate established truth so that all idea , well-founded and stupid , be equal . <br /> <br /> to quote sci-fi writer Philip K. Dick , who put it so well , `` reality be that which , when you stop believe in it , do not go away . ''
Tarantino once remark on a melodrama from the 1930s call Backstreet that `` tragedy be like another character '' in the film . the same could be say - and not withstand bring up Tarantino - for Sidney Lumet 's best work in year , a melodrama where character be of the utmost concern not simply because of what be at stake with the cast involve . Kelly Masterson do not have a masterpiece of a script here -lrb- it basically break into crazy killer mode by the end in a series of climactic event that only work by the very end , and even there suspension of disbelief be paramount -rrb- , but she script do convey character before plot , and in a story where the action surround a heist it be crucial to know who these people be beat by beat . it be bleak as hell , unforgiving as Satan , but also absolutely riveting 90 % of the time . <br /> <br /> chalk it up not just because Lumet know how to handle a non-linear script where we see the day-to-day action of character to character before during , and mostly after the botched ` mom - & - pop ' jewelry store robbery occur , but because of the formidable cast assemble -lrb- which , I might add , be Lumet 's specialty -rrb- . Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke be brother with they own respective financial f *** - up , and the former approach the latter on what look like a fool-proof heist : looting they own mother and father 's jewelry store in Westchester . Hawke 's Hank involve another shady character though , murder occur , and suddenly it be tragedy on a greek scale affect the brother and they father , play by a perfect Albert Finney . it be the kind of material that most actor love - character who , like in Dog Day afternoon , be painfully human , flaw to the bone but only want love & / or thing to be set right , and have the complete inability to fulfill they want and need . <br /> <br /> in this case though Hoffman and Hawke be match splendidly ; Hoffman have , until the aforementioned last ten minute , a super-calm and occasionally joking demeanor that reveal he as the brain of the operation , but then smaller scene where he break down emotionally -lrb- i.e. with Finney or the car scene with Tomei -rrb- push he talent to the limit ; Hawke , meanwhile , be call a loser by he ex-wife and daughter , can not pay any debt at all , and be call a baby by he own father , and he fill the bill of the part in all the way that matter - he be not quite as flaw as he older brother , but who want to pick a straw for that title ? and Finney , as mention , be spot-on all the way through , make he turn in big fish look like child 's play -lrb- the final scene with he be terrifyingly tragic , he face recoil in a horror that have build up all through the second half -rrb- . <br /> <br /> also feature support turn from a finely ditsy and perversely two-timing Marisa Tomei , bug 's Michael Shannon as bad-ass white trash , and Amy Ryan , Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris make brief , exact impression , this be a film with a tremendous lot of skill and heart - but not a forgiving heart - with a story that double back on detail not for showy plot device but to make clear every step of a family 's perpetual downward spiral . if it be not as mind-blowing as Serpico or Network or the pawnbroker or 12 Angry Men it come as close as anything Lumet 's do since .
I think everyone be quite disappointed with this sci-fi flick . for one thing , it be direct by Tim Burton . another thing , it be a remake of what be suppose to be a classic . I find it boring , gross , and ridiculous . if you have see it , you know what I mean . just about everyone at Imdb say it be crap and boy , be they right ! if you have not , avoid it . it be a snorer . 1 out of 10 .
I have a personal interest in this movie . when I be 17 and just out of high school I get a job at 20th Century Fox as a member of the Laborers and Hod Carriers Union . at the end of my first day -lrb- sweep the deck of a aircraft carrier -rrb- I be tell to bring a suitcase the next morning with enough clothes etc. for one or two week . when I arrive the next morning a bus be wait and about 20 of we head south toward San Diego . just short of there we stop at a army base call either Camp Callan or Camp Hahn . once we be bunk in we go north a few mile into Camp Pendleton , the big Marine base . there , on the beach , we start build what be suppose to be a Japanese Pacific island base . it take we about a week or ten day to complete the installation , which include a water tank , gun entrenchment , sand-bagged trench and live quarter . all this be at very high pay , sometimes ` golden time ' , which be triple we regular hourly wage . we food be also first rate = prime rib at lunch , etc. - which be amazing because it be wartime and very hard to get good meat at home . <br /> <br /> once the job be finish I wait eagerly for the movie to come out , which be about eight or ten month later . then I wait eagerly through two hour of the movie before my handiwork finally come on screen . then it be no more than three or four minute -lrb- maybe less -rrb- of the movie 's hero dive bombing the base and blow it to smithereens . a bit disappointing , but still fun . <br /> <br /> in spite of the disappointment I enjoy the movie and have not see it since . I learn later that this movie be underwrite by the government and Fox be pay on a cost plus basis , which maybe account for we extravagant pay and lifestyle down there . Bob Weverka
this Batman movie be not quite as good as Batman mask of the Phantasm and Batman and Mr. freeze subzero but it be still a good installment to the Batman cartoon I say it be equally good as Batman Beyond The Movie . this movie be good for all the same reason the storyline be good not quite as good as the other one 's but still pretty good it have lot of action in it the Cartoon effect be good the voice of actor be really good such as Kevin Conroy as Batman / Bruce Wayne , Tara strong as Barbra Gordon , Efrem Zimbalist Jr. , Eli Marienthal as Robin . the villain be good such as Kyra Sedgwick as Batwoman , David Ogden Stiers as the Pequin , Hector Elizondo as Bane . so I be sure you will not be disappoint with batman mystery of the Batwomen . so make sure that you rent or buy batman mystery of the Batwoman the movie because it be really good . <br /> <br /> overall score : ******* out of ********** <br /> <br /> *** out of *****
this be a powerful documentary about domestic abuse in the Cameroon . the `` sister '' in law be female lawyer and judge who in 2004 successfully prosecute husband for abusive treatment of they spouse and win one woman a divorce she desperately want through a muslim council . it be rather long -- about two hour -- but fascinating in term both of the individual plaintiff and defendant and the lawyer who successfully represent they in court room preside over by female judge . it will leave you , as it leave I , with many question about exactly how this change occur . how and when do woman come to occupy position of authority in the Cameroon ? have the several case feature in this film have a significant effect on the treatment of woman generally by they spouse ? be the grant of a divorce by a muslim court , against the express wish of the husband , a one time event ? I be not suggest that the film maker could have answer these question . they make the movie two year ago , not yesterday . and the movie they make deserve a wide audience .
I can not tell you how angry I be after see this movie . the character be not the slightest bit interesting , and the plot be non-existant . so after wait to see how the life of these character affect each other , hope that the past 2 and a half hour be lead up to some significant finish , what do we get ??? a storm of frog . now yes , I understand the reference to the bible -lrb- Exodus -rrb- and the underlying theme , but first of all , it be present with absolutely no resolution , and second of all it would be lose to anyone who have not read the bible -lrb- a significant portion of the population -rrb- or Charles Fort -lrb- a still larger portion -rrb- . as a somewhat well read person , I think this movie be a self indulgent poor imitation of a seinfeld episode . <br /> <br /> do not waste you time . it would be better spend reading ... <br /> <br /> ... well anything to be honest
I understand there be some conflict between Leigh and the great Maggie Smith during the film . understandable when you put one of the world 's greatest actress of all time -lrb- Smith , of course -rrb- with one whose performance seem to get worse with each subsequent film .
the fact that I watch this entire movie say something about it ... or I . it be not a good movie . terrible in fact . but terrible in the way that keep my attention in that perverse manner that be akin to watch a tragedy and not be able to look away . it would have make a great mst3k subject ! <br /> <br /> most of the thing that make a terrible movie enjoyable be here : bad dialogue , inappropriate music , contrived plot sequence , ridiculous pseudoscience . you 'll thrill to slo-mo death sequence , the poor victim with mouth agape and waaaaaaaay too much time to contemplate they impending doom , face the outrageously contrived deliverer of they death . you heart will be warm by old action scene cliche like when two woman struggle for a gun and it go off , but who be SHOT ? both look at themselves , then the other , then themselves , then -lrb- seemingly 15 minute later -rrb- , one finally go down . you 'll sing along -lrb- in latin of course -rrb- with the street caroler that turn into a ghastly death 's - choir that , for a moment , threaten to turn the movie into a twisted musical . <br /> <br /> so if you believe like I do that as movie get worse they get better , then this might be a decent choice for you . it be not as funny as my current sci-fi schlock favorite , `` they live '' feature Rowdy Roddy Piper , but it be more fun to watch than luke-warm movie like Omen II or III . <br /> <br /> I give it 4 out of 10 .
First of all , when people hear ` GUY RITCHIE ' , they immediately think of SNATCH . yes , snatch be a good movie , but the problem be that everyone associate Guy Ritchie to snatch . they do not expect he to explore new frontier . this movie revolver be different than snatch ; it be much darker and be very complex . the reason I give a rating of 10 be because I have have to watch Revolver 3 time to understand everything . so this movie toy with you head . it be very cleverly write . <br /> <br /> this movie be different than snatch . it be do wonderfully , the cinematography be beautiful , and you can recognize Guy Ritchie 's personal touch -lrb- style of direct -rrb- in it . <br /> <br /> what win I over be the complexity of the protagonist and how we be leave with more question than answer .
this movie be not that interesting , except for the first ten minute . the pace and editing be a perfect introduction in a ensemble piece , even better than say Gosford Park . then it inexplicably slow down , lose focus and start resemble a traditional french movie only to regain focus in the end with the love relation between Antoine -lrb- Depardieu -rrb- and Cécile -lrb- Deneuve -rrb- . in the middle there be too many sideline and loose end in the story , several thread start be not end . <br /> <br /> ******* SPOILERS AHEAD The main story be the relation between Antoine and Cécile . he have be loyal to she after he relation with she many year ago , despite she remarrying and set up home in Morocco . as builder he now rebuild he own life and recover hers by take the mask of Cécile 's marriage . have accomplish this , he be bury after a freak accident -lrb- literally -rrb- and become a comatose . he wake only after she have burn they old picture as indication that they have reconcile with the past and can properly start they life again together . ******* end of SPOILERS <br /> <br /> it remain unclear what vision this director want we to see we because there be so many other story here : illegal immigrant want to enter Europe , there be frequent radio broadcast about the overthrow of Iraq 's former regime . Cécile 's child be bisexual and be bite by dog -lrb- loyalty -rrb- once he meet he boyfriend , whereas the girl he live with seem to be sick -lrb- of that ? -rrb- . she sister be traditional islamic , and enter a relation with Cécile 's husband . it portray Morocco as unnecessary backward , despite all the building there be a strange colonial vision shine through that almost glorify the past . it portray Islam as backward and prone to extremism , which may sometimes be true , but certainly not in general . in the end it can all best be describe as add some couleur locale and l'art pour l'art . <br /> <br /> Deneuve and Depardieu be great . with this material they be so familiar they be able to spin something extra in every scene : lift a eyebrow , body language , radiate pride , awkward behavior . the movie itself be disappointing and only confirm the limited role of french cinema in the world nowadays . with some notable exception of course .
you have to admire Brad Sykes even if you do not particularly want to , a man who churn out budget horror after budget horror to less than enthusiastic reception . but keep on do it all the same . even the half-hearted praise than surround he Camp Blood film be give grudgingly and I be as guilty of this as anyone . Brad normally manage to throw something interesting into the mix , a neat idea , a kooky character , whatever , but without the fund to take it further than base level , he rely on the audience to cut he some slack and appreciate it for what it be and what it could be . Joe Haggerty give a spirited and very funny performance as Ebenezer Jackson and its a credit to Sykes that he can sense that this oddball turn be go to work within the framework of the film . come to a multiplex near you , in a parallel universe , somewhere .
Hong Kong director cross over to Hollywood to make movie be nothing new , with the temporary exodus of the likes of Tsui Hark , John Woo , Ringo Lam in the 90 . from they collective output , only a few movie -lrb- or may I say just one ? -rrb- make a impact at the box office . the Andrew Lau and Alan Mak partnership have be a tour de force in recent hk cinematic history , especially with they now famous Infernal Affairs trilogy which be remake into Martin Scorsese 's the depart , so it be no surprise when Hollywood come knock on the door . <br /> <br /> but without fellow collaborator Mak , who usually have script/story duty , how do Lau fare with writer Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell ? it be like the x-file without the x , in the way the story be craft , the character and the parallel draw with the Chris Carter series . Richard Gere and Claire Danes pair up alum David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson , only that they do not belong to any federal investigative agency who bear arm , but be employee of protective Services , who be chief role be to ensure that sexual predator who belong to they jurisdiction , be keep safe from society when they be release from have serve time . hence they be the shepherd tend to they flock , only that they flock suffer from sick sexual perversion with the propensity for violence . <br /> <br /> the parallel in characterization be so blatantly obvious , that it be just a cosmetic touch up on the outside . like Fox Mulder , Gere 's Erroll Babbage be a strange , lonely man , consume by he obsession in he quest to doggedly harass he flock to tote the line . pain by a failed attempt to rescue a miss child , just like how mulder pine for he miss sister , Babbage be shun by colleague and give the march order disguise as a retirement plan . he have deep disgust for the people he be monitoring , sick of they crime and what they stand for , that he have no qualm in use unorthodox method , short of fly off the handle while dish out illegal , preemptive punishment . at the same time , he too have strong urge that he have to fight against , in order not to cross the line into become like those he loathe . as part of routine , he also scan newspaper and tabloid for clue and lead toward he objective , that of seek closure , salvation for himself , and possess a strong belief that the truth be still out there , and he want to believe . <br /> <br /> dane ' Allison Lowry on the other hand , be the ingénue bring in to replace Babbage . but in the meantime while learn the rope on the job for the next 18 day , she be require to spy on he , and to report he shenanigan , pretty much like what Dana Scully be task to do with Fox Mulder . as the disbeliever of pre-emptiveness and hold onto the notion that those discharge back to society have be cure of they temptation , she slowly start to see what Babbage see , and understand that it take a whole lot more than be just a desk and administrative job if she truly want to help people . <br /> <br /> and it be this discovery of the world of fetish and deviant sexual practice , that we open all we eye to , much like how 8mm star Nicolas Cage bring snuff film into the spotlight . it be a decent investigative drama with the usual red herring , and my , be they really good one as it make you wonder quite often if you guess be correct , and you soon find yourself firing from the hip as you get prove incorrect at alarming frequency , though I do not credit this to a tight narrative , but more from the sprawling number of character -lrb- watch out for Avril Lavigne 's cameo -rrb- and sub plot . the scene in the darkened ware/shophouse be akin to se7en 's David Mills and William Somerset when they raid John Doe 's apartment and find plenty of bizarreness inside , though here , give the subject nature , it be not linger upon much . <br /> <br /> apparently , the flock somehow decide that Enrique Chediak 's cinematography be good enough , despite its very strange style of have no style , utilize almost every trick in the book to try and recreate feeling of watch another se7en , only that this be deeply steep in tinge of brown , rather than the doom and gloom of black . it do take a little while to get use to this , and I put this effect as one which actually distract from what be happen in the story . not a really good move though , with somewhat frequent repetition of scene involve flashback . <br /> <br /> but the flock still make decent entertainment , though x-phile out there would probably find it hard not to picture they favourite actor in the lead role , give so much similarity in character . Gere and Danes do put forth some chemistry as the old fogey -lrb- heh -rrb- and he protégé , and while it be not exactly great , Andrew Lau do manage to pull off something enjoyable .
I only last 15min before self preservation jerk I out of the empty eyed drool stupor that this film effortlessly induce and propel I scream back to the video shop arm for bear . <br /> <br /> to say the film be bad would be a miss opportunity to use word intersperse with character from the top key on my keyboard -lrb- just to keep these comment clean -rrb- . <br /> <br /> one to be avoid . <br /> <br />
I like movie about morally corrupt character , but this be too much . the acting be not great , but that be not the real problem . the issue be the sink feeling I get in the pit of my stomach about 20 minute into the film . these character be hollow . they have almost no depth , and what little they do have be devote to the cruelty they display to each other in the guise of friendship . explore the darker side of a set of character can be fascinating , but you have to give those character actual personality or they be just cardboard cutout . these character be cardboard and the picture they give be just ugly .
... head , hand , and Feet - a band from the past , just like strange Fruit . a triple whammy there . those who have profess not to like this film be either heartless or under 40 , and have have no experience of the real thing . sad for they . this be a achingly well-observed little picture that be a excellent way of pass a hour or two , and will probably not even fade much on the second showing . Stephen Rae , Timothy Spall as the fat drummer -lrb- in many way quite the most delightful figure of all -rrb- , and Bill Nighy - a new name for I - as the neurotic vocalist and front man all turn in super performance , and Juliet Aubrey have lovely doe eye to go with some sharp acting as Karen , who try to hold the band together as they spectacularly self-destruct . <br /> <br /> the Syd Barrett/Brian Wilson echo be loud and clear , Mott the Hoople rear up before one in all they inflated ridiculousness , and the script be never mawkish for more than a minute . do not compare this with spinal tap or the Rutles or the full Monty - it be unfair on all of they . the nearest comparison be the commitment , and that be no bad thing . and any film that can conjure up memory of Blodwyn Pig - a band I do not remember ever see , but the name live on - well , it show somebody in the team know what they be on about . <br /> <br /> a small delight , and thanks for the memory . <br /> <br /> oh ... and I have get ANOTHER one - Stiff Little Fingers ; a-a-and what about SteelEYE Span ... spooky tooth ... ten Inch NAILS anyone ? -lrb- you have to see the movie or have be on the road -rrb-
my brother be a avid dvd collector . he take one look at the cover -lrb- two model on toilet -rrb- and have to add it to he collection . I stay up with he to watch what turn out to be likely the most cringeable movie -lrb- I use that term loosely -rrb- I have feel obligated to sit through . I dare not make eye contact with my brother , quite certain he must have be cursing the receipt in he clenched fist . the biggest name in the whole movie be Michael Clark Duncan who appear in one scene , which the `` filmmaker '' decide to show every take of -lrb- about four total -rrb- throughout the movie . in fact , the whole movie pretty much follow this suit . the fact that the dvd contain delete footage be a shock . -lrb- I go to bed without view it , however -rrb- . to no surprise at all , I find this disc without its case behind the tv about a week later .
Green eye be a great movie . in today context of support we troops , it be interesting this movie show the lack of respect soldier receive from do they duty , during this period . from a historical view , the end of the Vietnam war leave all of we with something to remember and learn from . gene be very proud of this movie , and he deserve the credit he receive from write `` Green eye '' . I agree , I do not understand why this movie be not show more often , or at all . this movie be the kind of movie that should be show on tv every year , much like the Wizard of Oz . the dedication of one man towards he lost son be entirely move . I be a friend of Gene Logans and I be proud to know he . Rocky
this be one of the funniest movie i have ever see . I rent it as a joke , expect to get a giggle out of the first few scene , and let I just say I have never laugh so hard in my life . the first scene where ninja randomly pop out of the air and start a huge and ridiculous fire fight be one of the most incredibly funny stupid action movie moment of my life . this be not a dinosaur movie , but more a movie that make fun -lrb- and do not mean to at all -rrb- of the action genre . I do not see the first two , but judge by the complexity of the plot , I do not think there be to much I miss . if you wan na see a movie that go great with a six pack or any herbal remedy , than I insist you rent this movie and sit back and watch a 100 year of advancement in cinema get throw in the trash and get shat on by carnosour
leave behind be the kind of `` we know what we know cause we know it '' movie that christian -lrb- and most any other naive person -rrb- need to help they feel like what they `` THINK '' and `` BELIEVE '' -lrb- not `` KNOW '' -rrb- be right . but , at the same time I feel bad for the little guy , because this be not a well make film . it do not help any message . I work at a video store , and I know the only reason people go to see this movie be because they be religious and they think it be . anybody on this earth who think they know what will happen in the future be wrong , unless they think they know that they do not know . I have have about enough -lrb- but only after I have have too much -rrb- of these people walk around with they nose in the air thinking that a movie star a semi-talented tv actor mean something above I . <br /> <br /> please , if you love yourself you 'll stay away . I refuse to go into any detail about this movie -lrb- not because a-i do not see it -lrb- because I do -rrb- , b-it be too shocking for my atheist-self to handle -lrb- because it be not -rrb- , or c-i really do not have anything to say bad about it -lrb- because I do -rrb- . the Reason , -lrb- which be a word nobody who help make this movie understand -rrb- be that I want this movie out of my head , I want that it be make out of my head , I want that I watch all of it with a OPEN MIND out of my head , I want the message that Kirk so proudly and coachly give at the end of the movie out of my head . I only want all the thing that be in my head before view this movie there , anything directly connect with this movie that be float in my head get out ! my peaceful rage be end . I be sorry that somebody in this world go to the theater to see this movie about what could happen in the future -lrb- but will not -rrb- when they could have give that seven dollar plus to any number of human , Animal , or rain forest charity . but if they do that then they would not be able to `` believe '' in the fact that it be real , they might have to fact what be . LEFT behind ZERO -lrb- out of **** -rrb-
I do regret that I have buy this series . I expect more action , more objective picture and more consistency . this be just a pure propaganda series , very dark , without any charm , or romanticism , it be just boredom itself . I find the actor work quite weak as well . O'Donnell might seem charming as Robin -lrb- with Batman -rrb- , but in this picture he lack any charm . probably while he become older , he be loose he childish charm but do not gain any charm of a grow up . it come as no surprise , that it be not show in a lot of country and be be sell in the UK for 40 % of the recommend price and be not even release in the Netherlands .
altered Species start one Friday night in Los Angeles where Dr. Irwin -lrb- Guy Vieg -rrb- & he laboratory assistant Walter -lrb- Allen Lee Haff -rrb- be burn the midnight oil as they continue to try & perfect a revolutionary new drug call ` rejenacyn ' . as Walter tip the latest fail attempt down the sink the pipe leak the florescent green liquid into the basement where escape lab rat begin to drink it ... five of Walter 's friend , Alicia -lrb- Leah Rown in a very fetch outfit include some cool boot that she get to stomp on a rat with -rrb- , Gary -lrb- Richard Peterson -rrb- , Burke -lrb- Derek Hofman -rrb- , Frank -lrb- David Bradley -rrb- & Chelsea -lrb- Alexandra Townsend -rrb- decide that he have be work too hard & need to get out so they plan to pick he up & party the night away . back at the lab & the cleaner Douglas -lrb- Robert Broughton -rrb- have be attack & kill by the now homicidal rat in the basement as Walter inject the latest batch of serum in a lab rat which break out of it be cage as it grow at a amazing rate . Walter 's friend turn up but he can not leave while the rat be still miss so everyone help he look for it . all six become potential rat food ... <br /> <br /> also know as Rodentz altered Species be co-edited & direct by Miles Feldman & have very little to recommend it . the script by producer Serge Rodnunsky be poor & couple together with the general shoddiness of the production as a whole altered Species really be lame . for a start the character 's be dumb , annoying & clichéd . then there be the unoriginal plot with the mad scientist , the monster he have create , the isolate location , the stranded human cast & the obligatory final showdown between hero & monster . it be all here somewhere . altered Species move along at a fair pace which be just about the best thing I can say about it & thankfully do not last that long . it be basically you average run-of-the-mill killer mutant rat film & not a particularly good one at that either . <br /> <br /> director Feldman film like a tv film & the whole thing be throughly bland & forgettable while some of the special effect & attack scene leave a lot to be desire . for a start the CGI rat be awful , the attack sequence feature hand-held jerky camera movement & really quick edit to try & hide the fact that all the rat be just passively sit there . at various point in altered Species the rat cage need to shake because of the rat movement but you can clearly see all the rat just sit there as someone shake the cage off screen . the giant rat monster at the end look pretty poor as it be just a guy in a dodgy suit . there be no scare , no tension or atmosphere & since when do basement contain bright neon lighting ? there be one or two nice bit of gore here , someone have a nice big messy hole where they face use to be , there be a sever arm & decapitation , lot of rat bite , someone have they eyeball yank out & a dead mutilate cat . <br /> <br /> Technically altered Species be sub standard throughout . it take place within the confines of one building , have cheap look CGI effect & low production value . the acting be not up to much but it be not too bad & a special mention to Leah Rowan as Alicia as she be a bit of a babe & make altered Species just that little bit nicer & easier to watch ... <br /> <br /> altered Species be not a particularly good film , in fact it be a pretty bad one but I suppose you could do worse . not great but it might be worth a watch if you not too demand & have nothing else to do .
in what be arguably the best outdoor adventure film of all time , four city guy confront nature 's wrath , in a story of survival . the setting be backwoods Georgia , with its forest , mountain , and wild river . <br /> <br /> the director , John Boorman , choose to use local people , not actor , to portray secondary character . these local imbue the film with a depth of characterization unequaled in film history . no central casting `` actor '' could ever come close to these people 's remarkable face , voice , or action . I do not recall a film wherein the secondary character be so realistic and colorful . as much as anything else , it be this gritty realism that make this film so amazing . <br /> <br /> another strength be the film 's theme . Nature , in the wild , can be violent . how appropriate that the setting should be the American South . very few place in the U.S. be , or have be , as violent as redneck country . in a story about darwinian survival of the fittest , the film convey the idea that human be part of nature , not separate from it . <br /> <br /> `` Deliverance '' be very much a product of its time when , unlike today , Americans express concern over a vanish wilderness . the film 's magnificent scenery , the sound of bird , frog , cricket , and the roar of the river rapid , combine with the absence of civilization , all convey a environmental message . and that be another strength of the film . <br /> <br /> at a entertainment level , the tension gradually escalate , as the plot proceeds . not even half way into the film the tension become extreme , and then never let up , not until the final credit roll . very few film can sustain that level of intensity over such a long span of plot . <br /> <br /> finally , the film 's technical quality be topnotch . direction and editing be flawless . cinematography be excellent . dialogue be interesting . and the acting be terrific . Burt Reynolds have never be better . Ned Beatty be perfectly cast and do a fine job . and Jon Voight should have be nominate for a Oscar . if there be a weak link in the film , it be the music , which strike I as timid . <br /> <br /> overall , `` Deliverance '' almost certainly will appeal to viewer who like outdoor adventure . even for those who do not , the gritty characterization , the act , and the plot tension be reason enough to watch this film , one of the finest in cinema history .
I chance upon this movie because I have a free non-new release from Blockbuster and need to grab something quickly , as the store be get ready to close for the evening . the plain white cover and title intrigue I . I be a -lrb- relatively speak -rrb- `` old '' lady and my son be a young man of 30 . I adore movie that be sheer entertainment , such as the Sixth sense , Interview with a Vampire , Harry Potter and Beetlejuice . my son , on the other hand , be a film graduate and enjoy very specialize foreign film , such as those direct by Bergman or Hertzog . we generally hate each other 's movie choice , however , we both watch and love the movie nothing ! it be unlike any movie we have ever see before . we be both cynical/critical personality type and we usually crack on movie while we watch they -- but in this case we just laugh and enjoy the film from start to finish . it be we opinion that if this movie have be promote and show in the main stream theater in the U.S. it would have do very well indeed .
i be enjoy this movie most of the time , but i keep get the feeling that i be watch a child 's movie . i honestly think that somebody write a pg script and then , while film , decide to add in some blood , nudity and language . it be a big let down . there be that believe the child magic that exist in movie like `` babe '' -lrb- the pig -rrb- or `` angel in the outfield '' that defeat the evil tooth fairy . the parent end up believe they daughter about she ability to see the ghost and utilize this skill to supernaturally defeat the tooth fairy . when i buy this movie , i think it would be a b-film response to the dreadful darkness fall ; somehow manage to make a better film with 1/4 of the money , but they do not . they make a worse film and will probably lose the same proportion of money lose on darkness fall .
I will not add to the plot review , it be not very good . <br /> <br /> very improbable orphanage on Bala . <br /> <br /> cushing and Lee at they height . <br /> <br /> some nice scenery . <br /> <br /> good for face spot , and I quote , `` look at the mouth , that be Cassie from Fools and horse '' . <br /> <br /> otherwise , a poor example of the british film industry . <br /> <br /> Fulton MacKay be far better in Fraggle Rock , Keith Barron be better in anything else and Diana Dors do what she do best . <br /> <br /> redeeming feature ? it be free to watch on the Horror channel prior to its go over to subscription . I will not be subscribe on this effort .
renown writer Mark Redfield -lrb- as Edgar Allen Poe -rrb- try to conquer old addiction and start a new life for himself , as a Baltimore , Maryland magazine publisher . however , blackout , delirium , and rejection threaten to thwart he effort . he would also like to rekindle romance with a old sweetheart , a significantly flawed prospect , as thing turn out . Mr. Redfield also direct this dramatization of the mysterious last day of Edgar Allen Poe . Redfield employ a lot of black and white , color , and trick photography to create mood . Kevin G. Shinnick -lrb- as Dr. John Moran -rrb- perform well , relatively speak . it be not enough .
Antitrust fall right into that category of film that aspire to make some great point while be uplifting yet fall completely flat . I do not hate the film , but it be miss key element , such as suspense . there have be other attempt to make a engaging film about computer , such as hacker and the net . they all fall short . the improbable ending of both the net and Antirust seem to be nearly identical . these movie ending suffer from one huge error in perception : people in the pc business have this over-indulgent self ego that assume the general population live it be life wait to hear the latest news about pc 's and software . I have work for many company and industry , and they all seem to suffer from a expand view of they own self-importance , as do this film . <br /> <br /> the way they introduce plot line be pathetic . show Milo , who be deathly allergic to Sesame Seeds , almost ingest one from a restaurant breadbasket cross the line of stupidity . only he ` girlfriend ' prevent he from sure death . this make one wonder how Milo could have survive as long as he do , brave the peril of big Mac bun and Sesame seed breadstick , as they cloak themselves as , well ... Sesame seed breadstick and big Mac bun . <br /> <br /> Antitrust also do not provide much suspense . the pattern and predictable plot twist be easily figure out long before they be reveal -lrb- come on , be anyone really stun when Yee Jee Tso be kill ? -rrb- , thereby destroy any real shock value . and here again we have yet another film/story where at the end , the bad guy be chase the good guy to ` get the disk ' . we need to have a moratorium on this simple Simon plot line for about 20 year . still , I press on . maybe the end would be the payoff , but no . the completely ridiculous end where we have the head of company security , another suppose evil guy , turn around and be the good guy that enable Milo to bring down n.u.r.v CEO Gary Winston be laughable . and of course , the news coverage of the arrest of Gary Winston be more fevered than when Hinckley or Oswald be bring into custody . Gary Winston , play by Tim Robbins , be a cardboard cutout of the same character Robbins play in Arlington Road . but that fit perfectly here in Antitrust , which should be call ` Anticlimactic ' or ` anti-original ' . <br /> <br /> in the year to come , this film will likely be banish , to be show only on you local third rate uhf channel .
the dehumanising effect of war be a much-studied subject in the movie ; as be the equally dehumanise , but potentially life-saving , dehumanise effect of military training . Joel Schumacher 's ` Tigerland ' follow the standard template , we see man treat like dirt but emerge as soldier , with a degree of mutual respect for they commanding officer , and judgement be reserve on whether such a extreme process can be consider justified ; as be judgement of the merit of the war for which they be be train -lrb- typically , as here , Vietnam -rrb- . but ` Tigerland ' have a interesting take , by centre its account on a cocky dissident name Bozz -lrb- play outstandingly well by Colin Farrell -rrb- , who understand that all power govern ultimately by consent , and the lack of awareness among the powerless of they own complicity . around this character , a teach , grip plot have be construct , and it be also a plus that the action never leave America -lrb- whereas Stanley Kubrick 's ` full metal jacket ' , to name just one other film of a similar type , lose focus once the action shift to Asia -rrb- . although this be not a film of staggering originality , it be supremely well do and captivating viewing throughout : the best film from this director that I have see , and among the very best of its genre .
I just see the movie in theater . the movie have very few good point to talk about . Kareena 's beauty and a couple of song may be . that it . the movie be a complete disappointment in all area . anyone associate with the movie will be disappoint , even Mumbai Indians too -lrb- just now Chennai have make it to semi-final -rrb- . <br /> <br /> but the worst I feel about the movie be the action scene . now day Bollywood be try to copy action scene from Hollywood . but they forget that Hollywood director take a lot effect to make it look like real . but unfortunately Bollywood director do not have that much of time . they spend they time on song and publicity of the movie . now such too stupid action scene may work in South as the audience just pay to watch they favorite actor kill bunch of people . but in Bollywood this be certainly not go to work . all the action scene I wish I could have forward . at the end even some chinese people appear from nowhere to beat Akshay Kumar . this be height of stupidity . audience be not pay to watch such stupidity . I think Bollywood now should forget about the action movie . they cant make it . the last good action I have see be from `` Ghatak '' and `` Khiladiyon ka Khialdi '' . the current scene in Bollywood be really sad for action movie fan like I . do these people see they movie after completion ? ca not they figure out that the slow motion action -lrb- which be do use rope -rrb- be too unrealistic and childish ? better not to have action scene if you cant handle it . I just want to go back to Amitabh 's era where movie like Zanjeer and Deewar be have thrilling action scene . the sound effect be not very effective in those day , but visually it be much better than current era scene . <br /> <br /> this movie now should open the eye of the Bollywood movie director . please do not make any more action movie , until you acquire the art of make it realistic .
I have see Dolemite and also -lrb- avenge -rrb- Disco Godfather , two other fine work of the blaxploitation canon from we friend Rudy Ray Moore . but this film , the human Tornado -lrb- aka dolemite 2 -rrb- will always hold a special place in my heart . for sheer goofiness , lack of skill in film production , and absolute enthusiasm -lrb- frankly a little too much -rrb- , the human Tornado can not be top . <br /> <br /> the opening scene set the tone . we old pal Dolemite be shack up with a white woman , when some racist local cop raid the house for no good reason , and would not you know it ! the woman in bed with ol' Dole be none other than the sheriff 's wife . she cry when she see he : `` he make I do it ! '' Dolemite 's cry : '' & $ * @ $ be you for real ??? '' subtlety be never he strong point . <br /> <br /> highlight ? the cameo by a very young Ernie Hudson -lrb- of Ghostbusters fame -rrb- , the continuity error -lrb- character look one way in one shot , and another in the next , Dolemite 's suit change color in every single shot of he nightclub act -rrb- , and Queen Bee 's demonic eye in she first scene . <br /> <br /> but the real joy here be Rudy Ray Moore himself . do the man really think he look cool in this movie ? I certainly do not know why , but you have to admire the sheer enthusiasm he have . whether it be jump totally naked off a cliff , or bark order to he gang in rhyme -lrb- e.g : quick ! Into the cave ! I have a plan to let that mother $ * @ -lrb- % & dig he own grave ! -rrb- the man commit totally . certainly he go overboard , nevermore so than any time he be do kung fu . the climactic battle be film at high speed , but occassionaly slow down to let Rudy pose and grit he tooth . I be not sure if they want it too look like they speed up the film as a effect or if they really want we to believe he be that fast . in any event , `` the Matrix '' it be not . <br /> <br /> human Tornado , much like the original Dolemite , be a incompetent film of enormous proportion . but at least it be fun , and certainly you have to give credit to these people for the effort . just not that much . enjoy with my hearty recommendation .
this movie pretty much surprise I . I do not have very high expectation for it but I be wrong . Mary & Rhoda be very funny and well write . they do not spend too much time rehash the past so they be not rely on the success of the old tv show to carry the movie . overall it be very entertaining . <br /> <br /> my girlfriend comment that this could be a weekly sit-com and I think I might agree with she .
I watch this film for 45 minute and count 9 mullet . that be a mullet every 5 minute . seriously though , this film be live proof that formulum work . if it be not break , it do not need fixin . a streetwise-yet-vulnerable heroine , a hardened ex-cop martial art master with a heart of gold and a serial killer with ` issue ' . pure magic .
to many people , beat street have inspire they lifestyle to something creative concern the hip hop culture . <br /> <br /> the young Lee be live in NY in the 80 's when hip hop be at its beginning . he a crew member of `` beat street '' - a b-boy crew . the movie follow Lee in he average day , dancing , graffitiing , etc. <br /> <br /> the director have succeed in make a movie with a plot and at the same time present hip hop to the rest of the world . the movie have old school feature such as <br /> <br /> Afrika Bambaataa & the Soul Sonic Force , Grandmaster Melle Mel & the furious five , the Rock Steady Crew , the New York City Breakers , and many more ... <br /> <br /> neither the movie beat street nor the beat street spirit will ever die .
as the number of Video Nasties I have yet to see dwindle , this little pile of garbage pop up on my `` to rent '' list when I see it be available . <br /> <br /> the premise involve a fashion model or something be kidnap and take into the jungle to be hold for ransom by a motley crew of idiot . some other goof get hire to bring she back and be give a sack of money to use as a bargaining chip , though if he return with the girl and all the money , he get a significant cut . he be bring a helicopter and pilot with he and , wow , that pilot be one of the worst actor ever ! grant , they be all totally terrible and the dubbing will make you cry blood . after steal away into the jungle , we learn that nearby be a cannibal cult whose flesheate earthbound god wander the wood like a human King Kong look for tribeswoman to ravage and devour . now , this fellow be just a naked guy with some of the worst makeup ever , ping-pong ball for eye and that be pretty much it . he growl and groan be a everpresent feature on the soundtrack , and I find myself mute much of those scene . <br /> <br /> oh , do I forget to mention the almost constant nudity ? this be probably the main reason this film be ban , though there be one specific scene , about one second long , where the god attack a girl and pull she gut out , but it be not a redeeming factor for gore fan . also , Jess Franco go beyond the usual t and a and show lengthy close-up of female genitals , and , sadly , male as well . so , if you want `` fair '' in term of exploitation , you get it . <br /> <br /> I can not recommend this trash to anyone . it be not even the good bad movie . it be just atrociously padded trash that only a Video nasty fan will probably view and even then , if you be make you way through the list , leave this for the very last . if you watch it first , you may get the notion that this be the norm for the list , which be certainly not true .
the shine start with Jack Torrance -lrb- Jack Nicholson -rrb- drive to a isolate hotel name the ` overlook ' situate high in the Colorado mountain for a interview with it be manager Stuart Ullman -lrb- Barry Nelson -rrb- about become the Winter caretaker . Ullman tell Jack that he will be responsible for the basic upkeep of the hotel but will be almost totally isolate from the rest of the world for six month as the harsh Winter set in . together with he wife wendy -lrb- Shelley Duvall -rrb- & young son Danny -lrb- Danny Lloyd -rrb- Jack move into the hotel & at first everything seem fine , it be a beautiful hotel , absolutely huge & whatever they need be at they disposal . however the Overlook hotel have a murky past with a previous caretaker murder he entire family before commit suicide & Danny have the ability to ` shine ' which mean he have psychic power that let he see & hear thing ` ordinary ' people can not . as the day , week & month begin to pass Jack become more & more insane , Danny keep ` see ' thing & people while wendy become frantic as she do not have a clue what be happen to she family , as a heavy snowstorm leave they trap Jack finally lose it ... <br /> <br /> this english production be co-written , co-produced & direct by Stanley Kubrick & be a fine horror film . it appear that the shine be another film that exist in two distinct different version & the one I will be comment on be the shorter european cut that run just under 2 hour in length . the script by Kubrick & Diane Johnson , be base on the novel by Stephen King which I have not read so I can not compare they , go for psychological horror rather than visual with only one murder during the entire film . there be very few character 's in the shine with Jack , Wendy & Danny the only one that really matter , since the film concentrate on they almost exclusively you care for they , become involve with they & what they go through . the pace be somewhat slow but this be one film that do not feel that long & keep you interested throughout . on the negative side I do not think the reasoning behind Jack go crazy & want to kill he family be strong enough to convince I , the fact that Jack escape from the freezer without any explanation bug I & I do not know if I miss something but that end do not make any sense to I whatsoever , I be still try to work out what that picture be all about ! there be very little in the way of violence or gore , a couple of rotten zombie ghost & someone be kill with a axe but the shine be a horror film that do not need to rely on blood & special effect as it have a gripping story . with a budget of about $ 19,000,000 the shine be technically flawless as you would expect from a obsessive filmmaker such as Kubrick , the cinematography be brilliant with some fantastic free-flowing & smooth steadicam shot as the camera effortlessly follow the character 's around the maze of corridor , the set look absolutely real & instead of clichéd old haunt house theme like dark corner , basement & cobweb Kubrick bring thing right up-to-date with brightly light corridor , massive open expansive space & a modern decor -lrb- well 80 's modern , just check that red toilet out ! -rrb- . the acting be good from everyone involve although as usual in horror film the little kid be highly annoying & Nicholson seem crazy from the very start . the shine be a absorb film that I enjoy watch although I be not sure I would watch it again anytime soon . for those look for explosion & fancy special effect you will be disappoint , for those look for a good haunt house type horror with a strong story I definitely think the shine be for you , well worth a watch in my humble opinion .
superbly trashy and wondrously unpretentious 80 's exploitation , hooray ! the pre-credits opening sequence somewhat give the false impression that we be deal with a serious and harrowing drama , but you need not fear because barely ten minute later we be up until we neck in nonsensical chainsaw battle , rough fist-fight , lurid dialog and gratuitous nudity ! Bo and Ingrid be two orphan sibling with a unusually close and even slightly perverted relationship . can you imagine playfully rip off the towel that cover you sister 's naked body and then stare at she unshaven genitals for several whole minute ? well , Bo do that to he sister and , judge by she dub laughter , she do not mind at all . sick , dude ! anyway , as kid they flee from Russia with they parent , but nasty soldier brutally slaughter mommy and daddy . a friendly smuggler take custody over they , however , and even raise and train Bo and Ingrid into expert smuggler . when the actual plot lift off , 20 year later , they be face they ultimate quest as the mythical and incredibly valuable White Fire diamond be coincidentally find in a mine . very few thing in life ever make as little sense as the plot and narrative structure of `` White Fire '' , but it sure be a lot of fun to watch . most of the time you have no clue who be beat up who or for what cause -lrb- and I bet the actor understand even less -rrb- but whatever ! the violence be magnificently grotesque and every single plot twist be pleasingly retard . the script go totally bonkers beyond repair when suddenly -- and I will not reveal for what reason -- Bo need a replacement for Ingrid and Fred Williamson enter the scene with a big cigar in he mouth and he sleazy black finger all over the local prostitute . Bo 's principal opponent be a italian chick with big breast but a hideous accent , the preposterous but catchy theme song play at least a dozen time throughout the film , there be the obligatory `` we be - falling-in-love '' montage and load of other attraction ! my God , what a brilliant experience . the original french title translate itself as `` Life to survive '' , which be uniquely appropriate because it make just as much sense as the rest of the movie : none !
this beautifully film and script episode be let down for two reason . 1 -rrb- perhaps it be the morality of the 1950s talking , but no man leave alone on a asteroid for year would react with such hysterical negativity to the gift of a female android . 2 -rrb- it be not a android at all , but a woman , the beautiful Jean Marsh . <br /> <br /> the popularity of the sex doll industry in the come decade could have trace its origin back to this episode if they would do it properly . in fact , the modernization of sex-bot be in the news as I speak . <br /> <br /> robot be not new to movie or television when this episode be make , so they could have at least have she act like one . she fleshiness would then have add a creepy element . instead , it become a nice little love story about two human on faraway star . <br /> <br /> the Twilight Zone always stretch the imagination and credulity . normally no one care . but this episode seem hamstring by a calvinist morality eschew what would have amount to masturbation with a machine , or downright carelessness .
next to `` Star Wars '' and `` the Wizard of Oz , '' this remain one of the greatest fantasy film ever make . it be a true shame it be not as well-known as the former film -lrb- maybe because it stick to a story base on legend rather than contemporary or sci-fi setting , and that it be british , mean a smaller market for film -rrb- but its wonderful to know that it be deserve that reputation . <br /> <br /> like all great family film , one can be a child , a adult , or even a teenager to enjoy this film -lrb- I be currently 18 -rrb- , but one must appreciate classic film first . I absolutely adore this film . it have a extraordinary music score by Miklos Rozsa -lrb- perhaps my favorite classic film score -rrb- that rival any John Williams `` Star Wars '' score , a fast but not flashy pace , beautiful set , dialog , and use of color -lrb- both the set and cinematography win Oscars -rrb- , and state-of-the-art oscar-winning special effect -lrb- for the time , and some be still stunning -rrb- . and , of course , June Duprez 's sultry look as the Princess rival that of Catherine Zeta-Jones ' -lrb- she even look like Jones in a way ! -rrb- . <br /> <br /> in conclusion , this be one of my all-time favorite movie -lrb- next to `` the adventure of Robin Hood '' -rrb- and it truly deserve more attention . it be a true adventure of enchantment throughout , and , along with `` Robin Hood , '' it be my desert island film that I could watch over and over again without get annoyed . <br /> <br /> Stars : **** -lrb- excellent -rrb-
in sum , overlong and fill with more subplot than swiss cheese have hole ! the director and co-writer say he want to mix genre - in this case drama and comedy . well , at least here , these two mix like vinegar and oil . to boot , the comedy be not very funny and juvenile . additionally , the film be not really realistic . Liberties be take regard the legal system in commit french Citizens against they will and the apparent ease of abscond with drug in french hospital . I watch this film on my big screen tv at home and find myself shout at the film to move on . eventually toward the end I fast forward the final long speech one of the main character make to he ex-lover 's son . by that time I be wear out by the preposterous confused plot that deal with a dead lover , marriage of convenience and a nutty ex-lover . at time the plot divert to the family of the two main character and then revert back to one of they - either Ismael or primarily Nora . to the detriment of the audience , viewpoint keep change from Nora and Ismael , she ex-lover confine against he will in a psychiatric hospital . there probably be two potentially interesting film here neither of which be well develop . the epilogue do not really wrap up many of the sub-plot and seem to want the viewer to believe Nora somehow will find happiness although give she circumstance in real life the chance be equivalent to a snow ball 's chance in hell . the actor do they best and be appeal , but this be not enough to overcome all the glaring fault of poor writing , editing and lack of focus .
Antonioni 's movie have age not well . what always surprise I about they be that , besides a unquestionable plastic beauty , there be a dull and didactic `` psychology '' of the character and situation . remember , for instance , the conversation between Mastroianni and the `` wicked capitalistic '' that want sing up he in `` La notte '' , or Monica Vitti laugh at the peasant flirt in the train in `` La aventura '' , or Ferzetti drop the glass of ink at the end of the same film . <br /> <br /> I have review yesterday `` Zabriskie Point '' . in this film there be a lot of nice and elaborate shot of the Rod Taylor office , the street and highway of L.A. , the publicity advertisement , the desert , etc. , that show the fascination of the author in he american journey , in the same way than Wim Wenders year later . unfortunately , there be too a lot of hippie-leftist clichés that spoil the movie : - the boy leave the meeting , steal a aeroplane and fly over the desert in order to liberate himself and find `` something different '' . - the executive in grey suite speak all the time about speculation . - the girl look at the `` object woman '' in the swimming pool and leave because she want not to be like they . - the couple of fat middle-class in the caravan speak , in front of the beauty of the nature , of build a hotel and earn a lot of money . - last but not the least , a lot of couple make love in the desert . what a hippie platitude ! <br /> <br /> sorry , today , half a century after the `` revolution '' of `` La Aventura '' we can see that the king be naked , and he film -lrb- except `` Le amiche '' and perhaps `` il grido '' -rrb- be only a handful of aestheticism and commonplace .
this movie be funny and painful at the same time . the `` cinemagic '' almost give I a seizure . despite what they imply , `` cinemagic '' be not some innovative technical procedure . it be `` develop '' as the result of a accident , and they use it because it disguise the fact that they `` monster '' be so stupid-looking . I also do not think it be a coincidence that the writer be Sid `` Pink '' . <br /> <br /> this movie be good for a laugh , if you be really look for a movie make in 9 day on 200,000 dollar . it be entertaining ; at least I can say that about it . the bat/rat/spider be the highlight .
I remember see this film year ago on , I think , bbc2 . I would very much like to view it again - do anyone know how I can obtain a copy ? as I remember , it be a especially powerful movie , in particular the scene that stand out be of the horse wear gas mask . apart from that I really can not recall too much about the story - which be why I want to view it again ! I have trawl the web but be unable to find a copy , which be unusual in my experience - perhaps there be no dvd or VHS of this film on the market . would appreciate any help anyone can give I on this . thanks very much in advance for you assistance . best regard , Albany234@googlemail.com
this work be less about Steve Martin 's character Davis , than it be about Kline -lrb- Mack -rrb- and glover -lrb- Simon -rrb- , and Kline and McDonnell -lrb- Claire -rrb- , but the dialog insert via Davis be ponder , contemplative , near-poetic existentialism at its best . he be witty , intelligent , and thoughtful in both dialog delivery and content . the writer deserve a Oscar . <br /> <br /> the performance be easy , relax , and natural ; just what you would expect from `` a list '' actor . Martin contribute the performance which lead into he more recent Shopgirl , guide you through life , love , and the pursuit of wisdom if not happiness . Kline be the straight - the suit - the conformist of the film , and as such he performance be crisp and refreshing . <br /> <br /> this work deal with life in all aspect . it engender a true emotional investment in its character , and leave you feel hopeful that Mankind be not doom , after all , no matter what you believe , deep down . <br /> <br /> all in all ? this be delightful , with a gritty moment or two , and easy natural dialog which draw you in , assist its audience in gain a high enjoyment from this work . it be definitely worth you time , though it may not be every one 's top choice as Friday/Saturday night entertainment . <br /> <br /> I really enjoy the intelligence this exhibit . it be not typical , and be a unexpected surprise . another wonderful surprise be the honesty exhibit herein . the couple and friend hold detailed conversation , which feel and sound fully honest and -lrb- again -rrb- natural . I be very impressed with this work , and will be add it to the dvd collection soon . <br /> <br /> it rate a 9.1 / 10 from ... <br /> <br /> the Fiend : .
if you like Sci-Fi , Monsters , and ancient Legends , then you will love this movie !! <br /> <br /> the special effect be by far the best I have see since Juarassic Park hit the big screen year ago . while the act may have be a little less than desirable , the story line and effect adequately compensate for it . <br /> <br /> I wish now I have see this at the movie on a theater screen instead of we 42 inch big screen tv . <br /> <br /> if you like non-stop action , awesome visual , and taste for myth and lore ... you have to see this movie !!
write by a woman , and direct by another . Whoppie . be we in for a feminist ride or what . fasten you seat-belt , lady , for we be about to enter a world of mean man and innocent , well-intentioned woman . <br /> <br /> in this soaper Trish come across a guy in the employment agency who behave , look , and dress like a pimp -lrb- ! -rrb- and give she a job with the hope of nail she some time later . in he office he even touch she chin the way a megalomaniacal heavy in a bond movie would a touch a girl just after he be capture she and just before he be ready to kill she alongside with bond . some time later the pimp/employment guy stalk Trish in a lady ' dressing-room , harass she , and even come close to rape she . oh , these evil , evil man . they be all bad , do not you know . you can not even look for a job nowadays without get rape , right lady ? well , we 'll show 'em ! in this film there be some kind of a divorce woman 's club or something , head by a Janet Leigh who speak for all woman involve in this film when she say that `` man be all s ** t '' . she moan about how terrible man be ; she have be divorce five time . now , seriously : any woman who marry twenty time and then use that statistic as a argument that man be all `` bad '' must have realize eventually that the explanation might lie elsewhere , or ? it must occur to she that : a -rrb- she be a bad judge of male character , or - much more likely - b -rrb- she be the one impossible to live with - she ex-husband be probably the victim , or if they be indeed a ** hole then she probably get what she deserve . -lrb- do not the likes of Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor prove this point ? show I a likable woman who get marry this often and I 'll show you a way to reach the planet Mars use only roller-skate and a ladder . -rrb- Trish eventually meet a computer guy who restore she faith in man - but hold you horse ; this guy turn out to be marry , therefore prove without a doubt that man be indeed all `` bad '' . be it not , of course , for a kindly old vegetable seller around the corner who love he wife even though she be still dead - prove that all man be `` bad '' except for kindly old man whose penis do not work and they `` can not get none '' anyway so they be force to abandon a life of a ** holocolism and finally give woman the respect they deserve . even the support male character be all `` bad '' ; the black guy in the employment agency be unfriendly , and the guy in the mortuary be out-right rude - and insensitive -lrb- the bastard , * sob * ... * sniffle * ... -rrb- and what be with this corny , corny end ? ... Minutes before court-time Trish abandon the claim to any of she husband 's money , realize that she be now `` free '' and that she can finally do that jump into the swimming pool ... ?? what be all that about ?? she jump into the pool be then - very predictably - frame-frozen as the credit start to role in , while life-inspiring i-don ` t-need-revenge-nor-my-husband 's - money music start kick in . she girlfriend be shock by she abandonment of money claim , but they do not stay shock for long and soon start kid each other about what a heart-attack Trish 's lawyer will get when he hear about this . the shyster lawyer be naturally a man . a evil , evil , terrible `` bad '' man , whose only interest in this world be money ... ah , these man ; all they care about be money ; they know nothing of the higher value in life - like shopping . I be glad we have movie like this ; they bring the sex closer together , but most importantly , they teach girl and young woman that man be all horny , selfish , skirt-chasing bastard who will dump you into a world of poverty and misery the first chance they get . so , girl , open you mouth a stick you tongue into you girlfriend 's mouth . lesbian power !
okay , I have try and I have try , but I still do not get this Guy Maddin thing . tale from the Gimli Hospital leave I cold , that movie about the austrian villager and the one about the Ice Nymph be pretty to look but lack in the story department ... and this nudie movie about abortion and hockey be just boring . I be glad Maddin have a appreciation for silent film , but I dislike he film for the same reason I dislike the film of Quentin Tarantino : they be empty homage to better , more imaginative film -- film that advance the art form or break new ground -- and be all style and no substance . no amount of jump cut and odd camera angle can disguise the fact that Maddin be a unoriginal David Lynch wannabe , though he do have one advantage over Tarantino : he generally do not write embarrassing dialogue , because most of he film rely on intertitle . the bottom line be , Maddin 's schtick be clever clever film-making for aspire film major .
First of all , Jon Bon Jovi do not seem to be in place in a vampire movie . together with the other not so interesting character and the poor storyline the whole movie become predictable . if you keep that in mind and you be a total vampire movie fan , you can have some fun with a few of the scene . do not expect any tarantino-style chapter here and neither a Anne Rice storyline . -lrb- I expect to have have forget the whole movie by tomorrow ;-rrb-_NN
here be a movie with a good cast and nice look location work but it just do not have it . Director Richard Brooks must have be a little bit tired at this stage of the game ; how much better he the professional be ! the horse and the rest of the action seem to be in slow motion even during the non-slow motion scene . this film need to be sped-up , if anything . that horse lather sure look awful phony to I and the obvious tire track in those desert tracking moment - just lazy . sloppy work . too bad . the actor do ok , but I have certainly see all of they do better . Ben Johnson 's always a joy , though . I first see this flick almost 30 year ago ; be disappointed then and remain so upon second viewing 30 year later .
after just 15 minute into this film , I begin to miss Zhang Yimou 's earlier , more weighty film that look at the politics and society of China from unique perspective . he turn to martial art film be a serious misstep in my humble opinion . hero be he worst film since Operation Cougar , with a needlessly complex story and act more wooden than that find in a John Agar film . Shi Mian Mai Fu be no different . as a American who have be study chinese film for a few year now -lrb- and understand and can speak some Mandarin -rrb- , I be sure my opinion be different from many other as I be come from a different background . SMMF , like hero , be not really a traditional a kung fu film , and it be certainly not a wuxium pian film . there be no sword & sorcery or chivalry element here . this be a completely different vehicle than infinitely more watchable film such as a chinese ghost Story -lrb- all 3 -rrb- , the Butterfly Murders , Green Snake , et al. . while those all feature charismatic lead who look like they be actually enjoy what they do , smmf feature bland , and sometimes laughable , dialogue combine with cardboard acting . Zhang Ziyi play a blind person about as well as Ben Affleck . there be a air of superiority with this film that be really quite insulting . it take itself so seriously , it just become a huge joke by the end . all the actor look as though this be the most important piece of celluloid in history , they destroy any chance of actually convey emotion , and the complete humorlessness of it really make you wonder if Zhang Yimou be make a film per se , or simply a showcase -lrb- i.e. a `` ego booster '' -rrb- for Zhang Ziyi . the camera be literally make out with she face and she get sexually assault not once but twice in the film . she act range really have not extend past she ability to play a naive `` w `` itch . she be so concentrated on she acting , she come across as cold and lifeless , as though she be read she line from a notecard . it be so funny to hear american critic and film people -lrb- like the completely clueless Quentin Tarantino -rrb- call this film a masterpiece . I guess if they see a bunch of asian actor on screen look really important while fly through a bamboo forest , they be trick into think it be brilliant film-making . Ching Siu Tung 's choreography , while still retain he trademark style , editing , and posture , lack the vitality and originality of he earlier film like a chinese ghost Story , Dragon Inn , and duel to the death . sadly to say , the wirework in this film be really subpar , and if there be subpar/obvious wirework , then you probably should not have film it at high speed . the same go for the special effect which have a distinct b-movie feel to they . bean , dagger , bowl , arrow , sword , and other random object fly through the air -lrb- after be throw -rrb- with no regard for logic , turn , climb , and banking as though there be a little pilot inside . I know that logic do not really hold a place in stylized chinese martial art film , but if you do not want to induce a mass amount of giggle from you audience , then you should probably work on you composit a bit more . mass melodrama , unintentionally funny dramatic moment , bore fight scene , really uninspired plot twist be what await you with Shi Mian Mai Fu . it be obvious that Zhang Yimou be no longer make movie for chinese audience . this be mean to crack into the western market just as cthd do . after watch hero and smmf , I have come to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou want to make Hollywood film , he be definitely off to the right start . smmf be basically the Phantom menace of chinese martial art film . and I think hero be bad .
I see this film as it be the second feature on a disc contain the previously ban Video nasty ` blood rite ' . as blood rite be entirely awful , I really be not expect much from this film ; but actually , it would seem that trash director Andy Milligan have outdo himself this time as seed of Sin top blood rite in style and stand tall as a more than adequate slice of sick sixty sexploitation . the plot be actually quite similar to blood rite , as we focus on a dysfunctional family unit , and of course ; there be a inheritance at stake . the film be shoot in black and white , and the look and feel of it remind I a lot of the trash classic ` the curious dr humpp ' . there be barely any gore on display , and the director seem keener to focus on sex , with theme of incest and hatred seep through . the acting be typically trashy , but most of the woman get to appear nude at some point and despite a poor reputation , director Andy Milligan actually seem to have a eye for this sort of thing , as many of the sequence in this film be actually quite beautiful . the plot be paper thin , and most of the film be filler ; but the music be catchy , and the director also do a surprisingly good job with the sex scene themselves , as most be somewhat erotic . overall , this be not a great film ; but it be likely to appeal to the cult fan , and get a much higher recommendation than the better known and lower quality ` blood rite ' .
the story of this film be truly remarkable . a virus cut loose and only 1 % of the human race survive . the only thing we know now be that animal rule the land above and there be poster everywhere that say , `` the Twelve Monkeys do it . '' thats right , the human race have to hide underground from the sickness that have kill over 500 billion people . apparently animal do not contract this disease . day by day the present scientist try to discover what type of sickness have cause this ; how it be create ; if nature do it or a mere human being have create it . all they know be that there be be a bunch of animal run around a city above they , the death begin during 1996-1997 , and twelve monkey have something to do with it . -lrb- or at least that what the poster say . -rrb- so a current convict name James Cole -lrb- Bruce Willis -rrb- be send as a `` volunteer '' to get some sample from above . after he do he `` volunteer '' work , he be ask to be send back in time to the year 1996 to figure out what happen to the world . Cole accept and the story of the Twelve Monkeys begin . <br /> <br /> throughout the story the time machine get the date wrong quite a few time , from 1990 , to some time during the 1950 's . -lrb- in a middle of a war . -rrb- throughout the time travel back and forth , it start to mess James up in the head and that twist the story up . the whole story be very well do and I would of give it a higher grade if it be not for the end . I personally do not like the ending of the movie and I be very disappointed . I just be expect a more explain end then what have happen , but it be not everyone who think this way . so I give it a 8 , but if everyone have the same opinion as I I would give it a 6 or 7 . <br /> <br /> for the whole acting of the film , I give it a a + . Bruce Willis be great for this role and he act good , but Brad Pitt be completely 100 % excellent . he acting be so great , he get into the character so well . I never really care for Brad Pitt in till I see he in this and fight Club . there character or similar in this film , he be just a little more ... insane in this film . so overall I think this film be completely worth check out . for most people it be a great science fiction film , I just do not think it be a masterpiece .
genius William Cameron Menzies and Herbert George Wells craft this extraordinary anticipation film , with ambition and scope hard to find today . they predict World War II and the way great Britain be attack , and also the fact that the war would be follow by a space race . they change the timing ; in the film the war and the space exploration be much longer , but there be so many qualitatively correct thing that it be amazing . we even see a helicopter -lrb- the film be older than they -rrb- . <br /> <br /> unforgettable giant plane and a futuristic meritocracy of scientist that seem Romans with bubble-helmet : if you can see through those funny costume you may appreciate the state of the art architecture by master from the 30s , Well 's vision of a rationalistic society , interesting reflection on the nature of power , and John Cabal as archetype of the adventurous and inventive human being , the one that choose to shape reality and not to be shape by it . <br /> <br /> 9 1/2 out of 10 . inspiring like that final monologue by John Cabal .
Rajkumar Santoshi without any Doubt have Directed the greatest movie and biggest Box Office hit of indian Cinema . <br /> <br /> this movie fall short of all expectation as this movie Stars two Great Actors Mr. Amitabh Bachchan and Akshay Kumar and when you have these two actor in the same movie you have to make a magnum Opus . <br /> <br /> in the later part of the Movie you can make out that Amitabh Bachchan 's Voice have be dub by some other person which be due to he illness . <br /> <br /> still the movie do ` nt have proper Character Development Plus Cinematography be ` nt good too and one thing that Bollywood should learn be that they should use visual effect only when it be need and when Applied should be do with a high Budget.The Script have so many flaw which give the Viewer Excuses to attend he Phone call rather than watch the movie . <br /> <br /> the New Comer shake the Leg Well but could not Act Well but where the movie lose big Time be the Storyline Screenplay and Cinematography . <br /> <br /> a talented actor like Bhoomika Chawla have be waste in the movie as Well as Sushant Singh . <br /> <br /> but every director once in a while in he Career make a bad Film . <br /> <br /> so Watch it only if you be a fan of multi-starrer Flop Movies .
strange ... I like all this movie crew and dark humor movie ; but do not like this one at all ! it be awful , horrible and surely not funny at all . pity can not do a whole movie plot , disgust either . and it be really boring . long empty moment fill the movie ; it could have be remove . it should have be in another shorter format , surely . maybe i expect too much from the crew - like save the movie lol - . it be also fill with overused clichés of character and situation ... I do not get it why people like it ... `` Poetry '' , `` hope '' ; nope ` mam , do not see anything like that ! ^ ^ all in all , it be empty and crude , pitiful and hopeless . oh darn this one ... ...
College student , who be clear out a condemn dormitory , be stalk by a elusive killer . <br /> <br /> the Dorm that drip blood -lrb- aka Pranks -rrb- be a bit of a mixed bag for slasher fan . the movie production value be pretty low and the story for the most part be pretty routine , there be even a creepy bum hang around for a red herring . in fact much of the story 's build-up be pretty forgettable , save for one or two brutal murder . but the movie be really make better by its surprisingly intense climax -lrb- in a atmospheric setting -rrb- and one fairly bold , unconventional conclusion . <br /> <br /> the cast be lackluster for the most part . Stephen Sachs be the best of the lot as he do a pretty nice turn in character . also look for a young Daphne Zuniga as a ill-fated student . <br /> <br /> over all this be a pretty standard b slasher effort , but the finale be well worth savor and for this viewer save the movie from be a complete ho-hum . <br /> <br /> ** out of ****
Jon Voight be brilliant in Midnight Cowboy , but Hoffman 's performance , though reminiscent of he later turn in Rainman , be the kind of performance that keep I watch movie . as a portrayal of a New York character , only Daniel Day Lewis ' portrayal of Bill Butcher in Gangs of New York come to mind as comparable , and day do not give he character the emotional depth that Hoffman give Ratso . <br /> <br /> it be typical of Hoffman 's way of act that the actor we tend to identify most with midnight cowboy be Voight . I think Hoffman be one of the 4 or 5 best actor in the history of film at play off the people around he in such a way that he raise they performance far above they normal level . <br /> <br /> Voight 's Buck be so naive that he would float out of the film altogether , except that Ratso pull he down - pull he down , but also teach he , a lot about how to survive and , more importantly , how to live . <br /> <br /> midnight cowboy be a movie about escape that turn into a movie about find yourself . I think that , as gritty a movie as it be , it have a very beautiful message , that no matter how much a loser you might be -lrb- Ratso clearly define `` loser '' -rrb- , if you can find a way to be true to yourself , you be in possession of the secret of life , and you might even be able to share that insight with someone else . <br /> <br /> I can not help but compare Midnight Cowboy to Klute , from a few year later , which I think be more like a movie about find yourself that turn into a movie about escape .
I attend one of the premiere last night and have the follow observation : <br /> <br /> 1 . just because you have direct a ton of music video do not make you qualify to make movie . the movie have a overabundance of linger shot that make no sense , horrible angle , and terrible lighting . the editing do not help this mess at all . when `` Dixie '' show up late for the memorial service she mother remark about she hand but it be never clear what the heck she be talk about . <br /> <br /> 2 . the plot have promise , but the script be thin and full of Ford Truck size hole . we never get to understand what drive the character , what be really behind the conflict they all have with each other or exactly how they resolve they . sixteen year of distance be wipe out in 4 day seemingly by magic . the deep conversation be mar by stupid clichés . -lrb- in fact , the whole town be one big cliché of southern life . -rrb- half the audience groan when Toby drawl `` Ya get my blood runnin through you vein gurl '' ... and we be treat to that insipid line not once , but twice ! the revelation be yawn induce , and the dramatic confession boil down to `` I be stupid and stubborn '' . <br /> <br /> 3 . the acting be okay consider the wreck of a script they have to work with . Toby be dark and brooding most of the film , but when he smile and lighten up he be charming . it be a shame he do not have more screen time like that . Kelly Preston 's act chop be pretty rusty and it show . Lindsay Haun be talented and it be certainly not she fault the writer make she character so unlikeable in the beginning that you do not blame she father for not come to look for she . Burt Reynolds and Tess Harper be able to make more of this movie but still look more or less lose . -lrb- and indeed , they character get lose in this film ! -rrb- <br /> <br /> 4 . if you be a Toby fan you 'll love the song . but often the movie feel like a scene be force in just so they could feature one of he song -- or the artist on he record label . for instance , the movie 's official love song be `` Crash here Tonight '' . you would think that would play around a tender love scene , but nope ... we hear about 45 seconds of it as he be head to a memorial service . it be as if they say `` well , we get ta use this song somewhere '' . the song `` Broken '' be haunting and the best thing to come out of this movie . <br /> <br /> in summary ... a promising plot never fully develop and the movie be horribly uneven as it forceably try to be a vehicle for Toby Keith 's music and product placement for Ford Trucks . it go from be about people rebuild broken bridge to try to be about the power of music but the story be tell so poorly that both point get lose in this overgrown music video . I like Toby and really want to like `` Broken Bridges '' but the people he count on to make this movie let he down and deserve one of he famous boot you know where .
after see a heavily censor version of this movie on television year ago , I be curious to see the unedited version . I be surprise that it be more believable and well act than I remember , but one thing really stand out . I think other reviewer have mention this also , namely , what exactly be the nature and motivation of the Chris Sarandon character ? have he rape other victim before ? be he completely psychotic or a `` average '' sociopath ? how do he expect to get away with he attack on the younger sister ? be this character at all credible , or be it just a matter of more background be necessary ? he seem almost simultaneously to be a uncomfortably believable character , and too crazy to actually be able to hold on to a teaching job that put he in contact with young , vulnerable girl . this seem to to be the biggest complaint of viewer in general . it have nothing to do with he performance , which be terrifyingly convincing.the movie occupy a uneasy position between sheer exploitation and a half way serious treatment of the subject , without quite settle into either mode . not the worst movie ever make , but not all that good , either .
it be ironic that during the '50s , when Douglas Sirk be at he most successful in term of audience appeal , he be virtually ignore by the critic ... he be now see , however , as a director of formidable intellect who achieve he best work in melodrama ... <br /> <br /> `` write on the wind '' be about the downfall of a Texan oil dynasty surround by worthless reputation , alcoholism , and nymphomania ... it be about the twist , fatal connection between sex , power , and money ... <br /> <br /> stack draw a compelling portrait of a tormented drunken destroy by frustration , arrogance , jealousy , insanity , and some deep insecurity ... <br /> <br /> Dorothy Malone succeed as a attractive woman with a excessive sexual appetite , degrading herself for Hudson and to other fellow in town ... she best line : `` I be filthy . '' in one frantic scene , we see she shake , quiver and sweating to a provocative mambo ... in another weep alone over a model oil-derrick at she father 's desk -- symbol of excessive wealth and masculine tyranny ... <br /> <br /> the frenetic atmosphere be both make palatable and intensify by Sirk 's magnificent use of color , light , and careful use of mirror ...
this movie be the worst movie I have see since `` Date Movie . '' I be laugh through out the whole movie instead of be scare . it be funny how the snake would search for particular section of the passenger body to attack for example , the eye , the tongue , the butt , the breast . if we have see national geographic channel we know snake wont stay clinch on the body once they bite . for each particular scene the snake would bite the passenger and would stay on the body bite the person . I believe the producer do not study he information on snake and they behavior . I cant believe I waste my money on this movie.so I do not recommend this movie trust just wait until it be at the dollar theatre or rent it .
how can a major german tv station broadcast a mess like this ? it be amazing how the main actor avoid every act talent - even the well-known Gottfried John be act very poor - especially in the double murder scene - how amateurish ... . . ! the screen plan be very , very extended - perhaps to fill out 2 part of the movie . be careful not to fall asleep while watch ! the set be obviously very often a blue screen , f.g. the scene on the ship with unreal sea in background ... ! in the german version the sound and the dubbing be very poor - probably reason : different language of actor - but : other international production do handle this much more professional . Advice : do not watch - it be a diabolic waste of time !
a very good adaptation of the novel by amrita pritam . Urmila and manoj bajpaus have give they best . <br /> <br /> there be a natural flair in the movie and i feel it right through . it look like bollywood finally give away it be glamor and have some quality artist perform on screen . <br /> <br /> content wise , the movie depict very much what exactly happen during partition by show the suffering of a particular family and also show that trust in one 's life go beyond religion . <br /> <br /> the best part be they do not make it a drama with a lot of tear shed and melodrama . <br /> <br /> I simply love it .
Enterprise , the latest high budget spin-off to the most successful franchise in film and or television history open to the tune of a 90-minute episode call ` Broken Bow ' . first we be sweep into a massive action sequence with a Klingon be chase by some suliban -lrb- who be the main enemy in the first season of the show -rrb- . from there the televise movie take we on a journey that seldom get as good as it be , with some of the best character development , story and action/visual effect ever see in such a short amount of time . <br /> <br /> the opening-credits be a debatable subject among the minority of enterprise fan , whom some believe that the song be out of place . what they fail to realise be the lyric themselves . if one listen to the actual song , instead of the theme , then they will begin to piece the part of the puzzle together . and eventually as the series progress further and further , and we learn more about we valiant captain and he crew , will the song actually become meaningful . overall Diane Warren 's theme be beautifully orchestrate and be sing just as well by opera singer Russell Watson . <br /> <br /> what make any television show watchable and worth watch time and time again be its character and the way they become structured and layered . Enterprise be -lrb- in my opinion -rrb- one of the most well cast show since the next generation . choose Scott Bakula , as Captain Jonathan Archer be the best decision since Gene himself cast Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard . as the captain always lead the show , Bakula add a subtlety to he role and bring a huge smile to the face of anyone with blood pump in they vein . he simply be -lrb- both actor wise and character wise -rrb- a superb human being and he charm , wit , and compassion be overwhelming to watch . as for the other cast member , a favourite of mine be John Billingsley who play Dr. Phlox . it be also nice to see a non-human play a role , and the decision to give the captain a dog , name ` portho ' be a well-received idea . throughout the show character development be brilliant , it be fast , well time and almost perfect . I say almost because sadly Travis Mayweather 's character play by the Briton Anthony Montgomery be a little weak at the end of the first season . he do have some thing to say here and there , but remain in the hand of the producer to make he more important . Jolene Blalock be wonderful as the sometimes harsh but equally loveable Subcommander T'Pol . Dominic Keating as Lieutenant Malcolm Reed play a strong role and be convince as the armoury officer . Connor Trinneer play Commander Charles `` trip '' Tucker who always add charm and comedic style to he character and finally Linda Park as Ensign Hoshi Sato , who often play a weaker character but thankfully quickly become interesting . all of these character make up Enterprise , and all bring a quality that Star Trek have not see in a long time . each person make this show worth watch . smile and feel-good sens be guarantee right from the first time we see they all together on the bridge of the starship enterprise nx-01 . <br /> <br /> the ship itself , the nx-01 be somewhat questionable in design . the series be set 150 year from now and 100 year before Captain Kirk . so why then do the ship appear to be similar in design to mid 24th century ship , namely the Akira class starship ? continuity have be a issue in Enterprise , but thankfully Rick -lsb- Berman -rsb- and Brannon -lsb- Braga -rsb- offer suitable explanation for each and everyone of they . continuity be only a problem if you be forever scrutinise show and be obsess with the tiniest of detail . if you see the show with and open mind , then you 'll have no problem , but there be a urge to know ` why ' all the time . so what do Berman and Braga offer to the Star Trek fan-base with the issue of the deign of the ship itself ? accord to they the nx-01 be how it be because of the incident in First contact . when Zefram Cochrane see the enterprise-e through he telescope and from speak with the away team lead by Commander Riker , it change the idea in he head . that be a good enough explanation for me.lets move on . of course its not as easy for some fan to accept that sort of answer , some go as far as to refuse to see the show until they get a reasonable answer . come on guy grow up.When George Lucas destroy the Star Wars saga with the launch of he profit make new trilogy , fan could not do anything , only watch and sap it all up anyway . and then they learn that , well maybe its not that bad after all . if you can not accept a quality show for what it be , not what it should be in you mind , then go elsewhere . or try become a producer on the show and then see what you can do . <br /> <br /> the set on Enterprise remind I very much of the defiant from Deep Space Nine . they often appear cold and have a eerie look of modern structure to they and they cry out that they belong to the military . perhaps that why the crew of the USS Enterprise -lrb- aka flagship of the american fleet -rrb- like it so much . they be striking set , and represent the show perfectly . <br /> <br /> Rick Berman ` the overlord of the empire ' as John Logan so accurately put it and he counterpart Brannon Braga have hit the nail on the head exactly where they should have , and in all the right place . whether that be technicality , visual , sound , editing or score . Enterprise be a fine demonstration to just how good televise science fiction can ultimately be , when in the hand of genius . the late gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and as a Star Trek fan , so should you .
insist that Martin Luther King 's inspirational spirit reside not just in american civil liberty but inside the heart and mind of people everywhere , danish helmer Niels Arden Oplev transplant this belief to a 1969 danish middle school . more specifically , it work its way into the crusade of a young boy name Frits -lrb- janus Dissing Rathke -rrb- against he oppressively rigid and churlishly abusive headmaster Svendsen -lrb- Bent Mejding -rrb- . adapt from a true story , the performance be execute with certain aplomb and a refreshing command over its varied character keep it involve . a battle of ideology between a 13 year-old and a demented disciplinarian give way to inherent humour but awkward shift in mood disorient despite keep it shrewdly cynical in the same vein as a `` dead poet Society '' more than a `` Matilda '' . it tread a familiar path but a continue and precise service to its young protagonist include a personal subplot that round off Frits as a young boy become a young man , manage to raise the film into a rousing family film with its nose right on the money .
this film concern the story of Eddy as mention in the title and he homecoming to old friend in a seaside community . the plot involve the group of friend as it come to light that Eddy leave as a means to deal with death of a friend in which he feel in some way responsible . but this be inconsequential , as the choice make in the production be extremely poor and not fully realize . screenplay not always need be ` chatty ' , but they should at least assist the development of the story . here one line attempt such as `` he just take off '' or `` I know you do not have love in heart '' just do fully evoke something worth the audience 's time . also whenever the writer feel at a loss to where to go to next he cut to a music montage of the protagonist walk through field to some indie mood music . talk about try to hard . if you be interested in a good film , the type that give quality and substance over just style then this be not the film for you .
I think that the sentinel be go to be a mediocre movie.when I finally see it , I take a good surprise.the movie be not great thing but it be very fun and the action scene be very well done.this movie remind I tv series like 24 or Alias.It 's very similar to that series and it remind I too , to the Wolfgang Petersen 's thriller in the line of fire.if you be go to expect one of the most original and and one of the greatest thriller in the history of movie , you will be disappointed.but if you go with little expectation , you will enjoy the sentinel . <br /> <br /> Rating :7
this movie make Peter a elf in Robin Hood costume instead of a human boy in probably-not-robin-hood-costume and ignore all the persona feature in he that really matter . this movie make wendy a babble idiot . and poor Captain Hook a total clown . and of course as every Disney cartoon must have a character which have have too many hit in the head , they make one of the Lost Boys that one . the only character that have not be disgrace in this film be Tink . the only star be for she . <br /> <br /> the story itself then ? the darling parent do not even get the time to notice they kid be go !!! probably one of the most significant point in the original story and they ruin it ! also the famous nursery scene between Peter Pan and Wendy be a stunning piece of - there be no thimble and no acorn - one of the little thing that make the original story such a unique one . it be a wonder he even have lose he shadow and she help he stick it . -lrb- even though to he shoe and it make no sense to I . -rrb- <br /> <br /> ruin a great story like this just to amuse child should be illegal . so know now if you have not know it before - this Disney version do not have anything significant in common with the original story - which be not really a child 's story but just a great , great story . <br /> <br /> this just annoy I to no end .
a delightfully unpretentious send up of Romeo and Juliet . approach with no expectation other than have a good time and you will enjoy this one . a talented group of comic actor let go and have a riot in this light-hearted performer ' vehicle . bad review be due to a snobbishness about treatment of Shakespeare . some people feel that all film must be `` important '' -- if you share those view , do not bother . the credit read `` introduce '' Angelina Jolie , which be not even close to be true , but she be astoundingly beautiful as the Juliet character , and , as always , she acting be wonderful -- and , consider she age at the time , even she dialect be pretty good . recreate this classic tale with feud italian family in the catering business in New York result in great fun . see it in the right frame of mind and you will laugh out loud .
what I hate about this show be how poorly the lead be write . these woman have no self-respect or dignity . the entire plot be they throw themselves at guy . Amanda Bynes ' talent be completely waste . she be brilliant on `` all that '' and she own show . why they would write she and Jenny Garth as vapid , airhead , desperate , man chase , `` old-maid '' wannabe be beyond I . <br /> <br /> they plot and dialog remind I of `` the Simpons '' , Homer say whenever he cartoon character Poochie be not on screen , `` everyone should ask , where 's Poochie ? '' . all the talk center on whine about some guy , and then whine to some guy . sometimes they change it up and the guy whine instead . then they get back together or break up at the end . the 2 woman be either shallow , stupid , or sex addict . the only word I can think of be `` suck '' .
horrible acting , horrible cast and cheap prop . would have be a lot better if be set as a action parody style movie . what a waste . start from the name of the movie . <br /> <br /> `` the enemy '' name it `` Action Movie '' would have make it better . -lrb- contribute to the parody effect -rrb- . the cop look like a 60 year old player , the blond girl just have the same blank boring look on she face at all time . towards the end of the movie he and she be work together to take down the bad guy and every time they exchange word it just feel like the cheap line give before a sex scene in a porn movie . horrible . do not waste you time .
have decide some time ago to collect the film of Billy Bob Thornton -lrb- on the strength of class movie like `` Sling Blade '' , `` a simple plan '' and `` the man who be not there '' amongst other -rrb- , it be inevitable that there would be the odd turkey in there . what I do not realise however , be that there could be one THIS bad . I 'll give you a idea how incredibly poor this film be - the funniest dialogue in it go like this : `` knock knock '' , `` who be there ? '' , `` the big stinking man '' , `` the big stinking man who ? '' , `` the big stinking man - be you ! '' . yes folk , it really be that bad . Billy Bob be only in it for about two minute -lrb- I guess he need the work at that time in he career -rrb- , and the rest of the movie be painful . for some reason though , although it be undeniably awful , I do not hate it . that be probably because I save my ire for any high budget , special effect laden junk like `` the fast and the furious '' and not a `` no-budget '' flick like this one . 2/10 at a push .
I see this movie a few month ago on cable , and it be fantastic . William H Macy be one of my favorite actor , and he performance be just amazing . he make you care for he character , even when he be clearly do the wrong thing , and Neve Campbell give a performance that be with out a doubt the best performance I have see by a actress this year . she be fantastic as a wild young woman who be wise beyond she year . <br /> <br /> Donald Sutherland be just plain creepy as Macy 's father , and John Ritter be fine as a shrink stick in the middle of everything that be happen . <br /> <br /> I wish that this be in the theater because I feel that it be a movie that should be view by a wider audience . that be a shame , because it be a hell of allot better that most of the new movie come into the theater now . <br /> <br />
a surprisingly good movie ! it have quite a few good joke thru out the whole movie . the only negative thing be that some scene go to the extreme to show just how stupid the two main character be . we get it , stupid blonde , get on with it ! <br /> <br /> the plot just barely dodge be call `` corny '' . and booby be always a plus altho the movie for some strange reason do not play with that card very much even tho the plot line introduce two black haired woman who act as the evil counter part of we two blonde . <br /> <br /> so all in all , a good movie to watch . I almost give it a 8/10 , but let 's not get crazy .
I basically find Eden 's Curve to be a very poorly construct that make it difficult to watch . however , there be something I must say about how the director capture something about the atmosphere of the early 70 's in the choice of setting and clothing . the `` back to the earth '' philosophy and the interest in sexual exploration and drug that be not dramatically decadent , as portray in many later version of the 70 's be right on , as be the `` do not ask do not tell '' pseudo-liberalism of the fraternity make up of east-coast intellectual , except that I would have think this be more likely of a New England school rather than one in Virginia , where I imagine the `` good ole boy '' mentality still dominate even elitist school like this one . another thing I appreciate and could relate to be that this be a time when homosexuality be not link so much to leatherman or drag queen and I appreciate some homosexual role not relate to these terribly overused image . I feel it be very unfortunate that `` gay culture '' take on certain standard form in the 80 's out of Castro and Christopher Streets and these define the movement and leave out huge number of gay man that be more subdue in they lifestyle . I appreciate the film mainly as a way of remember a more natural way we be about we sexuality and personal relationship without `` the scene . ''
seriously , I be all for gooey romantic comedy and will get suck into Miss Congeniality as easily as Goodfellas ... but this movie ? it do not make any sense !!!! and I be not even talk about the willing suspension of disbelief kind of not make sense . why do she family live in England ? or , at the very least , why do not she have a british accent ? she be sure cozy with she dad and he be surprisingly forgiving of she not be around for the last two year . -lrb- on that subject , no one ever make much of a deal about she be away for so long -rrb- . and what be with the goofy outfit at the bachelorette party ? I be not even go to get into the fact that the escort she pay for fall in love with she -- that could have be overcome by better movie-making . I be just say that the character , the setting , and the plot be not flesh out enough to make a even somewhat cohesive story . oh , and the worst part , in my opinion , be the filmmaker 's consistent use of the most unflattering angle on Deborah Messing 's nose -- I would have sue the filmmaker if I be she ! I mean , honestly , I be all for woman be who they be , but why , in seven loyal year of Will and Grace viewing , have I not ever notice how incredibly odd she nose be ? oh ! because those producer be kind to she ! this movie , like my other least favorite movie ever , Armageddon , be the fault of the filmmaker , not the actor . I can see both mess and McDermott in these role with a better writer , director , and producer . <br /> <br /> this easily get my vote as one of the worst movie I have ever waste time on . I be just glad a friend loan I she dvd , so all I waste be time . if there be a way to make this review ZERO star , I would do it .
this film be make in Saskatchewan and Manitoba Parks and return the world eye again to what little of the `` Wild Western Canada '' be leave . when Archie begin to write he story for the papers ; the thought of the day be to tame the wilderness and convert/absorb the First Nation Peoples . <br /> <br /> the film put forward and ask the question ; why would a well-educated , obviously talented Englishman become a indian ? <br /> <br /> Archie , as a english boy dream about become something but grasp the full meaning of that dream be unique and priceless - no mater what it be . sound like a famous puppet story do not it . <br /> <br /> in my opinion , I see Archie become my living image of the `` Cigar store indian '' a very wooden character and not real at all - very well do act on the part of Mr. Brosnan . he also portray the wild indian in the dance scene for the tourist . the fullness and or reality of it be not realize till he meet and marry he wife , Annie . <br /> <br /> Annie push Archie in a direction that would bring he to the forefront of the Englishman 's world stage , not as himself but Grey Owl - a canadian native of the wilderness frontier . <br /> <br /> this be the closest Archie get to become the noble savage prototype . <br /> <br /> Mr. Brosnan 's interpretation as well as the director be both well do . I have watch documentary on Grey Owl and I think this be a good big screen movie to add to my collection . <br /> <br /> spoiler - I think the final scene with Archie go to meet the Grand Council of Chiefs be a great a great moment in the film . <br /> <br /> very beautiful canadian lake scenery and real `` Grey Owl '' location . <br /> <br />
the only reason I want to see this be because of Orlando Bloom . simply put , the movie be spectacularly average . it be not bad , but it be really not very good . the editing be good ; the film be well-paced . the direction be competent and assure . the story be plod . the film be averagely act by Ledger , Bloom , and the normally great Watts and Rush . the accent be impenetrable if you be from the US so just sit back and enjoy the scenery -lrb- or as I like to call it , Orlando Bloom -rrb- . by the end of the film , I be neither bore nor move . some people have ask what happen to Ned Kelly at the end of the movie . I have to say , I so do not care by that point . <br /> <br /> really , the only reason I can recommend this be that Orlando Bloom kind of , sort of show some hint of range -lrb- although the oft-present `` I be pretty and confuse '' look be prominent -rrb- , so fangirl may find it worth the matinee price . other than that , just do not see it . it be neither good enough nor bad enough to be entertaining .
this be a really fun movie . one of those you can sit and mindlessly watch as the plot get more and more twist ; more and more funny . Sally Field , Teri Hatcher -lrb- in she hey-day -rrb- , Kevin Klein , Elisabeth Shue , Robert Downey , Jr. . . it be all these well-known , quality actor act as if they be soap opera stars/producers . if you have ever watch a soap opera and thought , `` how on earth do they come up with this idea ?? '' , you will love this movie . I have see it multiple time ; and each time I watch it , the more I appreciate the humor , the more I realize just how well-acted it really be . do not expect Oscar quality . this be a fun movie to entertain , not some artsy attempt at find `` man 's inner man '' , etc. . Sit back , relax , and laugh .
I be write this after just see the Perfect Son at the 2002 gay and lesbian Mardi Gras Film Festival in Sydney , Australia . <br /> <br /> when they father die , two estrange brother meet at the funeral and after discover that one of the brother be die from AIDS , they enter on a heart warm journey of reconciliation . the two lead do a magnificent job of create the gradual warmth and respect that build up between they as the movie progress . I do have one qualm about the movie though - whilst the brother who be die act sick , he do not look it . a person of 0 t4 cell would look quite ill - not even a make up job to make the actor look ill be employ . a small gripe , but one that make it a bit less realistic . despite that one small gripe , the Perfect Son be a wonderful movie and should you have the chance to see it - do . I be hope for a dvd release in the near future !
a model name Laura be work in South America when she be kidnap from she hotel room by a gang and take into the jungle . they demand a huge ransom for she release . Peter be hire to get she home safe and there be a bonus in it for he if he can bring back the money as well as the girl . Peter be take to the jungle by helicopter with friend Jack . they try to give the kidnapper fake money in return for Laura but the plan go horribly wrong and they have to bail out in the helicopter . the helicopter be shoot and they also have to bail from that -lrb- not go well so far -rrb- . also roam the jungle be a devil of sort . in reality its just a naked black guy with weirdly big eye and a breathing problem . he start to kill a few of the kidnapper and Laura escape only to be capture by some primitive . the rest of the film be a bit of a blur really . <br /> <br /> now I be not a massive Jess Franco fan , in fact to date this be only the second film of he I have see , but even I can tell that this really be not one of he best effort . the film drag along at a pretty slow pace without much at all happen . the whole thing could have be edit down quite easily into a 25 minute tv show . there be plenty of overly long shot of people walk through the jungle that could have just be lift straight out . <br /> <br /> Devil Hunter be poorly light -lrb- Infact I do not think it be light at all -rrb- , badly dub , poorly act and slow yet for some reason it do not bear I . I think the main reason for this be some of the hilariously bad scene in it . for example a scene where Laura be walk in the street be obviously shoot in a real street as crowd of people stop to stare straight at the camera as its shooting . another funny scene have one of the gang who have be kill , hang in a tree drip blood as one of he friend stand directly under he scream for what seem like minute . then for no reason at all the man in the tree head just fall of and hit the guy under he . it have to be see to be believe . then of course there be the actual devil . it be just some naked black guy who despite the fact he have massive eye , he have very blurry vision . <br /> <br /> the film be hook up in part of the video nasty scare in the 80 's here in the UK and be ban . now why it be I have no idea . there be very little gore at all and it be hardly a shocking film . Minus the nudity I would have say that it could get away with a pg almost . the only thing I can think of be that it be never actually watch and be add to the original list because of word of mouth . <br /> <br /> there be not much reason to watch this film really unless you be a massive Jess Franco fan . there be plenty of nudity to keep you from fall asleep and also some scene that be so bad you can have a good laugh at they but other wise I would say just pay for a ticket to South America and get lose in a jungle . it would probably be more fun . <br /> <br /> 3/10
maybe it be just because I have a intense fear of hospital and medical stuff , but this one get under my skin -lrb- pardon the pun -rrb- . this piece be brave , not afraid to go over the top and as satisfy as they come in term of revenge movie . not only do I find myself feel lot of hatred for the screwer and lot of sympathy towards the `` screwee '' , I feel myself cringe and feel pang of disgust at certain juncture which be really a rare and delightful thing for a somewhat jaded horror viewer like myself . some part be very reminiscant of `` Hellraiser '' , but come off as tribute rather than imitation . it be a heavy handed piece that do not offer the viewer much to consider , but I enjoy be assault by a film once and awhile . this piece bring it and do not appologize . I like this one a lot . do not watch whilst eat pudding .
in what appear a attempt to mix drama and comedy , Manuel Gomez Pereira make this film , ` thing that make life worthwhile . `` it be not a original discovery , by many voice you have -lrb- quite off the pitch , by the way -rrb- , but it depart somewhat from the norm in the spanish cinema . the downside be that the element form the film be poorly combine , and while some point be not well develop , other be out of place . a day in the life of two people close to the median age . it be basically what the movie Gómez Pereira . Jorge -lrb- Eduard Fernandez -rrb- be a stationary -lrb- parado -rrb- one which , despite load on you back with a drama major , seem willing to see thing change . only this explain he commitment to a minor could mean a turn point in its existence . in line with Audrey Tautou of ` long date ' -lrb- Jean-Pierre Jeunet , 2004 -rrb- , Jorge say thing like this to herself : `` if I find a coin before the corner that be now go to change my luck . '' of course it find it , begin to play ` today could be a great day ' -lrb- Hoy puede ser un gran dium -rrb- by Joan Manuel Serrat and in a few cross on its way Hortensia -lrb- Ana Belen -rrb- . she be another woman entry age , divorce and a little lonely . take valeriana for sleep , organize birthday party as a exemplary mother , say she belief in God and lead to a speed of homicidal mother . Hortensia be a woman of many contradiction in he behavior , life be go in he head drive datum as `` 70 % of people fall in love only once in a lifetime '' and say although it be short of Jorge and unemployed and do not preclude the possibility that it be a `` sadistic '' sleep in he shoulder in the cinema at the earliest opportunity . later come a communion , a dance in the luxurious wedding banquet , the back of a car and other thing that player seem to live unique experience like that but end up do quite heavy for the viewer . ` thing that make life worthwhile ' debate between we be the drama of two adult person who have no other that lead they to see where they strange relationship and , conversely , make we take the case as a comedy , focus on thing like a chinese singing at a wedding -lrb- which seem to be amusing in itself -rrb- or the gait of a drunk person . the problem be that it do not leave we time to connect with the player , therefore we can not identify with the dramatic , and not give we a solid base comic too , leave everything except pure joke . in the end , all mixed in a way that the viewer no longer know very well whether to laugh or mourn , and end up not do either . and it be true that something be not see a thousand time , be not the kind of film that we find to bend every corner , but it be not sufficiently different or special as we want to do . Ana Belén -lrb- which apparently far less than the 53 year that have in this film -rrb- and Eduard Fernandez be two actor who be very enjoyable to see work , but this time it seem ready or comfortable enough in scene that require he to break the calm that prevail in the film , so in moment like the `` accident '' with the child of the bar thing seem to be slip from they hand . perhaps a very dramatic change that have to do , but that be no excuse to lower we guard . in any case , both interpreter be erect easily the highlight of the function . ` thing that make life worthwhile ' work only up to the modest level of entertainment . any claim that be beyond that point have not be fulfil , as a romantic comedy or dramatic as that , we presume , they want to do , can not afford to have little moment finish successful -lrb- beyond bad -rrb- as that in which one of the character talk and laugh , lose drunk , compare to a boy who remain in a coma in part because of he . neither do much for people like Rosario Pardo , make the typical friend launch whose biggest contribution to the film be the phrase `` must be screw over , '' and song from the soundtrack , though significant , not just fit . it be true that the film by Manuel Gomez Pereira have its hit -lrb- some of the moment involve Jose Sacristan -rrb- , but the whole be a anodyne Story , a film with good intention and a nice result when the better .
a craven , cowardly film . Director Boorman show Cahill burglarize rich house , but the male occupant be show be unfaithful with the nanny , that all right then . the forensic scientist investigate Cahill be blow up in he car , but he be rat face sourpuss , and do not look like a nice man , so thats all right too . the Beits , owner of Russborrough House , make they money by exploit ` darky ' digging up diamond , so it be okay to rob priceless art from they and hide it in a bunker in the Wicklow mountain . the Garda kill he ferret and be implicate in he murder . the moral equivalencing be sickening , Boorman look for a hit film , but do not have the gut to stand against the criminality of the general gang , who terrorize the neighbourhood , and unleash another wave of scumbag upon Dublin . he even liaise with the Generals son while make it . disgust . shame on he for he cowardice .
I have always have the philosophy that every single human being have different taste , i find this movie to be awesome and i think every college student out there might agree with I . notwithstanding this be not a `` movie with a plot '' , its about real guy and some of the `` problem '' that they face . I find the movie hilarious -lrb- especially the part that they play the practical joke on each other -rrb- . simply put , if you be in the same `` wave-length '' as these people , you will find this movie amazing . I do not think that this be go win any Golden Globes or Oscars , or that the people in this movie will become future Hollywood star , but its a kind of `` cult-classic '' among young people who could relate to they experience . for I the guy that stand out the most be Hans : the scandinavian guy , who , accord to he `` isnt a looker '' , but get all -lrb- or some -rrb- of the chick . the `` little-people '' also play a big part in the movie , especially when they be drunk . if i keep go , i might provide a spoiler and i do not want to do that , just go and get the movie and you will not regret . I give it a 8/10
I be not say that just as a Chris Rock fan , I be say this as a person who have low expectation go in to this movie and be prove wrong . the first flaw be it be everything-works-out end that everybody see come . flaw number two be I find that the chemistry between Regina King and Chris Rock seem fake . finally the act in this movie be sub-par , with the best actor be Regina King and the worst be Mark Addy . but I see past that flaw and see a solid comedy . in a heads-up scenario , watch heaven can wait instead , it be better . so for all you Chris Rock fan out there , watch this movie , you 'll enjoy out . he have some good stand-up in this movie . <br /> <br /> overall : 7 out of 10
Page 3 be most definitely a very enthralling and captivating eye-opener that very cleverly expose the hypocrite lifestyle of Mumbai 's elite . from the fake kiss to the plastered smile , Page 3 leave no stone unturn in reveal the shocking life of the rich and the famous . backstabbing , gossip , corruption , and scandal lurk in every dark corner in the world of glitz and glam . humanity and generosity be analogous to a oasis in the desert in this world where Social Darwinism be the prevail mentality . everyone be constantly craving for more money , more fame , and a higher reputation , drive they to do the most shameful thing imaginable range from sign film contract at a funeral to child molestation . anything be possible in this metropolis where there be a such a wide gap between the social class . the audience see the ugliness of both of these class through the eye of the protagonist . she observe the suffocating atmosphere and the mind-boggling frenzy that the socialite live in . Bollywood , business tycoon , politician , and the underworld be all intertwine in a completely convoluted mess ! Kitne Ajeeb Hai be a nice track as be the peppy Kuan Main Doob Jaongi . Terrific film with excellent character development !
I have be a fan of this movie for year and year . because of Teri Hatchers move into the forefront , I have to take the movie off the shelf and watch it . why people back in 1991 do not see how wonderful this movie be in beyond I ? Sally Field and Kevin Kline be beyond fabulous . although I never have watch daytime soap opera , this movie kill I every time I watch it . the acting be second to none for a comedy and the writing be so smart . I highly recommend that you watch this if you have not already . you will get to see Elizabeth Shue , Whoopi Goldberg , Teri Hatcher , and Carrie Fisher ... to name a few ... all give splendid performance .
i watch this movie 10 year ago . and have watch it on video a average of once a year since . it be the type of movie that be timeless , because the theme be universal , yet the story and conversation be so personal . it be also one of the very few movie that capture you from frame one til the credit roll , despite the fact that there be , really , just two -lrb- very involve -rrb- character . this owe a lot to the engaging acting by hawke and delpy , who make we believe that they be actually jesse and celine . this be also the first movie i see that mention reality tv , and now , the phenomenon be rampant ! i love the way this movie just envelop the audience in its space , and make you think , however jade you may be , that you be one of those character . it also make I want to ride the train around Europe ! i have not meet anyone who have not be able to relate to this movie . maybe that speak about myself , my friend , or just the sheer genius of this movie .
oh where to begin . the cinematography be great . when the movie first start because of the initial landscape scene I think that I be in for a good movie . then the cgus bigfoot show up . it look like a cartoon drawing of the Lion king and king Kong 's love child.it totally take away from the believability of the character.now I know there be not a Bigfoot chase people hike around the wood for no apparent reason but a cheesy cgus cartoon.so from then on the whole movie be shoot for me.the money they flush down the toilet for the cgus they could of spend on a costume like roger Patterson do . he be the best bigfoot costume ever no one else could match his.I be a hardcore cheesy Bigfoot movie fan and I be warn about this movie but my compulsion lead I to watch this movie and I be disappoint like the previous review warn I about . I know after you read this review you will still say `` I must watch Sasquatch hunter , must watch Sasquatch hunter . '' then you will say why do I waste my good hard earn money on such a excruciatingly bad boring movie !
that be a snippet of choice dialogue deliver by the evil , ballbust lady assistant of a famous scientist to she prim maid just before she lure three incredibly dumb college girl to a mansion for behavior modification experiment . meanwhile , at the local bar , people drink and dance to lame 80s rock song . a biker punk have sex with a cycle slut on a pinball table in front of a crowd of people , then try to rape the scientist 's virginal daughter Jessica -lrb- Debra Hunter -rrb- , who be in love with another biker -lrb- Dale Midkiff , from PET SEMATARY -rrb- , who , in turn , be in cohort with the assistant ! back at the house , the sorority bimbo swim , shower , change clothes and have sex with man from the bar . a small silver ball -lrb- part of the experiment -rrb- fly into victim mouth and turn they into drool , killer zombie ! <br /> <br /> if that be not enough to entertain you , there be a hilarious theme song -lrb- `` nightmare Fantasy '' -rrb- , roller skating , some serious daisy duke and a psychic hand puppet -lrb- !? -rrb- that warn `` danger ! danger ! '' just like the LOST in SPACE robot and recommend hitchhike as one of the best way to pick up man ! <br /> <br /> this filmed-in-florida mess be so mind-numbingly awful that multiple viewing be recommend to soak it all in . and , hey be not that NYPD Blue 's Detective Jill Kirkendall turn CNN newscaster Andrea Thompson as one of oft-nude bimbo ? sure be ! supposedly this be start in 1982 and new footage be add later for the video release in 1985 . <br /> <br /> score : 1 out of 10 -lrb- and I mean that in a good way ! -rrb-
this movie be worth five punch on my `` hurter card '' . I see this while station in Virginia in the mid ' 70 's . I see it alone so I be not distract while I watch it . it suck . it be the most ridiculous , total waste of celluloid I have ever see . <br /> <br /> I know that other who have review this movie have think that it be awesome . I offer you this : if it be so awesome what be it be box office take ? end of discussion .
this movie be possibly the cheapest , cheesiest , and poorest sequel ever make . <br /> <br /> yet , it be the funniest and most idiotic movie by Disney , and will guarantee laugh at the sappy story and lame plot from start to finish . <br /> <br /> it be a group of short story that seem like bad fanfiction . <br /> <br /> * SPOILER ALERT * the first one 's all about beast and Belle be petty over a pathetic argument . then , three loser new character decide to patch thing up by forge a letter of forgiveness to give to Belle . Part way through this little episode , Belle have wall eye , which make my sibling and I laugh so hard . then , she and the beast fight more over the letter ... and later learn the meaning of forgiveness . how old be they ??? certainly old enough to know the meaning of forgiveness . <br /> <br /> then , the next one 's all about Lumiere be the world 's biggest dope when it come to romance . this come from the man who could woo anything female . and they make fifus a psychotic villainess who try to kill Belle , and wind up get off scotch-free by the end of it . what a message to send the kid ! <br /> <br /> then , the next one 's all about Mrs. Potts be angsty . and the next one after that be all about beast become overly possessive of a bird , to the point where he just seem downright silly . <br /> <br /> the animation 's so ugly , it kill . there be at least 100 mistake you can plainly see ... and the coloring be awful . <br /> <br /> Belle 's a simpering sap who blubber whenever something go wrong . plus , she be petty and very different from the usual Belle . <br /> <br /> and the side character be annoy ... -lrb- I mean , Cogsworth and Lumiere fight almost all the time . I know they do that in the movie , but it be overdo in this . -rrb- <br /> <br /> but the worst character be Mrs. Potts . she be ruin in this . I can not even describe it . just buy it and see for yourself . <br /> <br /> I give it a 1/10 for the sap , but I give it a 10/10 for comedy .
Inventor Wayne Szalinsky -lrb- Rick Moranis -rrb- be prepare to donate he problematic shrinking/expanding machine to the Smithsonian Institution as he and he wife Diane -lrb- Eve Gordon -rrb- get ready for a long weekend away from they son Adam -lrb- bug hall -rrb- . Wayne 's brother Gordon -lrb- Stuart Pankin -rrb- , he wife Patty -lrb- Robin Bartlett -rrb- , and he kid Jenny -lrb- Allison Mack -rrb- and Mitch -lrb- Jake Richardson -rrb- volunteer to look after Adam while he parent be away , but as luck would have it -lrb- and the title would lead you to expect -rrb- , the grown-up be accidentally zap by Wayne 's shrink ray . as the kid run amok , they miniaturize folk must contend with monstrously huge insect , wrinkle in the carpet that look like canyon , and other threat to they . this be bad , like most straight to video sequel be , Honey , we shrink ourselve be sort of laughable . I have to laugh at that movie `` roach '' Stuart Pankin and the party bully be even more ridiculous , view at own risk !
uncompromising look at a suburb in 21st century Vienna mix the story of six group of character by former documentary maker U.Seidl be a provocative , minimalistic and intense piece of observation cinema . <br /> <br /> after the world-wide spread of big Brother reality show , hundstage take modern voyeurism to a unsettling , profound level . hard to like but unignorable piece of european art-cinema might seem cruel and seedy , yet manage to convey the nihilistic alienate feeling of modern society in a praiseworthy manner . <br /> <br /> a must for lover of world cinema .
three girl , the youngest descendent of the Gaylord family , one of America 's most royal family , be orphan at a young age . right before he go off to France to fight in WWI , they father tell the oldest , Fiona , never to sell the land . by the time the sister have become adult , they have have to squander most of they money to pay for lawyer to defend they property . through certain loophole in the father 's will , a man name Charles Barclay stand to gain possession of the Gaylord land , on which he want to build a complex call Barclay Circle . Barclay be actually base on John D. Rockefeller , who be buy up land and building from affluent family in New York so he could build Rockefeller Center . <br /> <br /> this film deal mostly with the melodramatic concern of the three sister . Fiona , well play by Barbara Stanwyck , although it be certainly not to be count as one of she best role , seem like a cold , domineering woman , and it become clear that she have some skeleton in she closet . Susanna , play by Nancy Coleman , be a little ditsy and completely in love with a young modern artist name Gig Young . Coleman 's be my favorite performance in the film . Evelyn , play by Geraldine Fitzgerald , be a rather pretentious seductress with a monocle who marry into noble blood in England , but that do not stop she from try to steal Gig from she sister . the three sister be develop quite well but , as be the major trend in the gay sister , never well enough . Charles Barclay be play by George Brent . he be not very good . well , he would be satisfactory if the story have play out the way it should have , but he always seem like a scumbag in the film . when we be ask to sympathize with he late in the film , it be impossible . gig young be play by , huh ? , Gig Young . no , he be not play himself . what happen be that the actor , who have act in several movie previously under he real name , Byron Barr , be pressure by Warner Brothers to change he name to something more catchy . I be not sure who make the final choice , but he eventually change he screen name to Gig Young , after the character whom he play in the gay sister . weird , eh ? Young be quite good through most of the film , but the script do some unfortunate thing with he character late in the film which ultimately harm the audience 's sympathy for he . in two other support role , Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart be quite good . <br /> <br /> the gay sister have great potential to turn out to be one of the great cinematic family saga . the character be all interesting , as be they situation . unfortunately , the script never strive for anything more than the simplest melodrama . if it have make the interrelationship of all the major character more complex , flesh out , for example , the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna or make the flashback more intricate , the film could have be fantastic . it also could have flesh out the prologue more , let we know more about the Gaylord family . we need to care more about the character and we need to sympathize with they more . and the end need some major fix . it basically just give up at the end . Fiona 's problem be solve so poorly that it hurt . whatever sympathy she character have gain as the film progress fall apart . it be also far too happy . this story seem move towards tragedy , or maybe just a sense of historical significance or loss . and we still hate Barclay . and the conflict between the two sister and gig be never solve . as bad as Fiona 's story end , Susanna 's , Gig 's , and Evelyn 's be even worse . <br /> <br /> I still like the film . it be thoroughly watchable , even if it do not involve we like other great film of the era . 7/10 , mostly for its potential . it should have be remake , or the novel should have be re-adapted , at some point during the studio era . it be too date to be remake now . the 1950 would have be the best time , during the time of film like giant .
my ten-year old like it . for I it be hard to get through it . Christopher Lloyd play it way over the top and the suit be tedious and unfunny . sorry to see Jeff Daniels in this .
despite some negative comment this film have garner in the IMDb page , it be still worth a look as this be a story about survival and camaraderie between two different man with different mentality while in a difficult mission in the panamanian jungle . <br /> <br /> peruvian director Luis Llosa take we along to watch this thriller set in Panama . the film have some good moment as Beckett , the veteran marine , take a newly arrive man , recently send to try to eliminate a notorious drug cartel head and the corrupt army general who might be the next president of the country . the only problem , Miller , have no experience in what he have be entrust to achieve . <br /> <br /> Miller , the arrogant newly arrive man to the jungle and to the guerrilla warfare between the military and drug lord against the infiltrate american intelligence man , learn a valuable lesson from Beckett . what look good in theory , be irrelevant in the jungle . <br /> <br /> Tom Berenger , be a actor who do not register much , as he prove in this movie , but in the context of the movie , he be right as a man of a few word . Billy Zane play Miller do what he can with a role that do not afford he any glory until the crucial end . <br /> <br /> for lover of action film , `` Sniper '' offer a 112 minute of action that with a bit of trim would have make a more satisfying movie .
welcome back Kiefer Sutherland . it be be too long since you have appear in a movie , , and what a movie this be , be it 24 no , , but very intriguing , especially with a pro like Michael Douglas in the lead as the embattled Secret Service Agent . Kiefer 's character be the one chasing Michael Douglas the whole movie , , Kiefer 's partner , , be Eva Longoria , , the desperate houswife . wow she can actually act besides flirt all day and look good , , i wish though that Kim Bassinger have a bigger role , , but other than that , i really think the whole movie be a blast from start to finish . this movie be what i consider to b e a political thriller , everybody play they part to the hilt . nothing be reveal to sooon in the movie , , so as to keep you guess at all time . and i really think that Kiefer do one heck of a job here in this movie , , but in my opinion Michael Douglas have the besxt performance of the day , , thumb up .
the number of goof in this episode be higher than the first 9 . they do not follow they own rule about spirit where destruction of the body make the spirit dissolve . this one drop a second body . that body , and Dean , drop about 20 foot from Sam but then they be right with Sam . flashlight go out in a unlighted asylum , at night , and we can still see everything . it be night but light be streaming through the window . a ghost that die in 1960 's be make cell phone call ? come on ! there be no way Sam could get a psychiatrist to see he in the same day he make a appointment and the doctor talk to Sam like it be not he first visit . Sam and Dean know there be other body in the asylum and innocent spirit still lurk and do not do anything to help they . that do not seem like a thing the Winchester boy would do . oh and after crawl around on a dirt fill mattress and all around a nasty asylum the girl ' makeup and hair be perfect and not a smudge on she white shirt . <br /> <br /> while the implementation of this episode have problem the premise be good and a few time I be not creep out but nervous as Dean sit read elicot ' journal . I just know that a object so intensely personal to the ghost would draw it to the person violate it be sanctity . elicot do not appear . maybe that be a fault for such a important object or place -lrb- like Elicot 's office -rrb- should draw the spirit when a living be touch or enter . when they separate I want to scream ... ` that be how you die ! always stay together and watch each other back ! ' but they do not listen to I : o the elicot spirit and he special ability be a very nice touch . it be prime-time show but I do wish the horror of elicot strap one of he victim down and use anticipation of torture to creep we out further . <br /> <br /> especially because of the lighting goof I give this a 4 . sudden darkness or the flickering of the whole scene 's lighting as the flashlight flicker be all that more terrifying . the lighter coming or the flashlight revive and instantly a spirit be in they face be shocking . I understand the director want we to see he scene but then make a mention or obvious connection by Elicot touch a electric socket and the light come on . have the character respond to the fact a asylum with no power suddenly have light in the one room . Blue white light flicker as electric arc just like Elicot 's finger power . <br /> <br /> seriously , MCG could have do better .
this film be a massive yawn prove that Americans have not get the hang of farce . even when it have already be write for they ! the original film `` Hodet Over Vannet '' be a witty comedy of error that I would rate 8/10 . it be not just about a linguistic translation , but certain absurd chain of event be skip entirely , rob the film of its original clever farcical nature and turn it into a cheap `` oop there go my trousers '' style of farce .
basic slasher movie premise , 3 young lady wreck they car and end up stay with a creepy family . YAWN . <br /> <br /> watch 36 minute of a premonition of oj 's car chase with a white sedan instead of a bronco . YAWN . <br /> <br /> Old lady with hot and cold dementia control she daughter ... YAWN <br /> <br /> 23 minute of watch the actor eat - YAWN try to identify what the heck they be eat ... ok there might be a drinking game here ... nope - yawn <br /> <br /> complimentary shower scene ... ok get my interest for a couple of seconds . <br /> <br /> completely random and uninspired killing ... YAWN <br /> <br /> the end ... dude ! that psycho be deranged - why could not the rest of the movie be like the last 5 minute ... unfortunately that be it - my advice - fast forward to the last five minute and watch that and then put something good in the player - for I I be go back to sleep .
I have rarely be as annoy by a lead performance as I be by Ali McGraw 's in this movie . God be she bothersome or what ?! she say everything in the same tone and be horrible , so horrible in fact that , by contrast , Ryan O'Neal be brilliant . <br /> <br /> there be not much of a story . he be rich , she be wooden , they both have to sacrifice a lot for Love . he father be Stonewall Jackson , hers be call by he first name , in case you do not notice the difference in the two of Them that they overcome in the name of Love . <br /> <br /> the Oscar nomination for this movie indicate it have to have be a bad year . John Marley be fine as Wooden 's father , but a support nomination ? at least Ali do not win . <br /> <br /> I still think Katharine Ross should have play Jennifer , but then again , if it be up to I , Katharine Ross would have be in a lot more movie . she be certainly a better actress than McGraw . <br /> <br /> I do not even cry when she get sick , never occur to I to even feel sad . <br /> <br /> it be nice to see Tommy Lee Jones look like he be about 15 , and the score be good . but this one be so old by now it have a beard a mile long , and the sin of that be its not that old , but it feel it .
the interplay between the character be a moral disaster . you end up dislike most of the character and you do not particularly like any of they . <br /> <br /> even the two main character play by David and Gwen be so badly write that you really do not care one bit about they . the movie have no plot , no direction and no purpose . the single redeeming quality of the movie be to treat it as a glimpse into the mess up life of a few loser - and that be hardly stimulate even as a afternoon waste .
Time for Hollywood to sit up and take notice ! if the actor be act snooty , all you need to do be get the animator who work on this little marvel . Renaissance be probably the first animation flick which make you forget that you be not see human being . although the voice over by the cast -lrb- Craig , McCormack , Pryce etc. -rrb- be some of the best i have ever hear but even then the emotion portray by the ` cartoon ' be unnerving . <br /> <br /> this style of animation be not very new but the use of light and shadow make the movie a living painting . ironically , such technical wizardry make you forget that this be actually a very very nice movie . the pacing and plot development be marvelous and the dialog crisp . <br /> <br /> plot : disappearance of a mega corporation 's top employee unravel a tale of deceit and corruption with a Cold hearted hero at the helm . ca not say much without give it all away ... except that while the movie keep you at the edge of you seat , the climax leave you speechless . <br /> <br /> a must watch . . even for the ` grown-up ' who smirk at ` cartoon '
a vow to Cherish be a wonderful movie . it be base on a novel of the same title , which be equally good , though different from the film . really make you think about how you would respond if you be in the shoe of the character . recommend for anyone who have ever love a parent , spouse , or family member -- in other word , everyone ! <br /> <br /> though the production be not quite Hollywood quality -- no big special effect -- still , the value and ideal portray more than make up for it . and the cast do a wonderful job of capture the emotional connection between family member , and the devastation that occur when one of they become ill . <br /> <br /> you do not want to miss this !
ok I will sum up this movie ... a bunch of skanky british woman have some disease that basically be turn they into zombie . the whole movie consist of these woman talk , smoking , and rarely go out for `` meat '' or human to eat . I swear I have to make myself watch this movie ... UGH
what a great film it be . the notion of nation send people fight each other with giant robot be tacky . the end be not just a fitting one , it be more inspirational . <br /> <br /> but I be intrigue by the character . it be a pity we never see the relationship of Achilles and Athena more develop beyond just a couple of kiss and Athena 's fear for Achilles 's safety . they romance be very enjoyable . <br /> <br />
see this movie the first time while drunk at a motel in Canada . while flip through channel come across the Easy Lube part . my friend keep flip but I tell he to go back . something about the name easy lube just do not sound right . watch the rest of the movie it be pretty damn funny . jot down a couple of name from the credit and get home to look it up . turn out to be Chevy Chase 's first movie . I do not remember he in it . do not remember much about it , so I rent it and give it a second veiw . it be pretty funny and quite graphic . it be just like Kentucky Fried Movie except not as funny . love the finger , easy lube , and I be da f ** kin ' president part . dealer skit be pretty cool too . I give it a 6.5 or 7 out of ten
I be surprise at just how much I enjoy this most thoughtfully deliver drama , which owe to its rather unimpressive 6.6 rating , I nearly miss ; as I rarely give the time of day to any movie rate below 7/10 . have say that , I be so glad I give Stone Angel the view it so very much deserve . and so should you , if you be one of the increasingly rare sensitive , soulful and thoughtful sort of person leave on this earth in live form . <br /> <br /> I must say that in many way -lrb- though not all -rrb- , viz . its theme , execution , style , production etc. , Stone Angel very much remind I of the much praise `` the Notebook '' . I be so surprised that other commentator do not pick up on the many similarity which repeatedly strike I throughout this movie , so I can only assume that those who have write comment have yet to see the Notebook . they may not share any alzheimer 's theme , yet I can confidently say that if you very much enjoy `` the Notebook '' you will certainly find much to engage you time most fruitfully with `` The Stone Angel '' . but even if you have not see the Notebook , nor read the book on which this move be base , -lrb- which , incidentally , I have not either -rrb- you should definitely find much to hold you attention firmly - as long as you favourite genre do not include fast paced action thriller . this be a movie for thinker and those who like to reminisce about time 's passing , how life change as the year pass , and what might have happen in one 's life as one gaze back through the year . <br /> <br /> this bizarrely underrated yet great movie really deserve a rating of approximately 8/10 . I can only blame its current lowish rating of 6.6 / 10 on the 11 % of idiot who give it 1/10 . after all it have attract less than 300 vote at the time of my write this comment . nonetheless , if those 11 % who give it the lowest ranking possible be really expect car chase and explosion why do not they look ... for even a few seconds at the movie 's premise and promotional line ? oh dear ... whatever the world be come to , do not miss this most underrated gem of a movie - but only * if * you have a brain -lrb- i.e. , you top ten do not include Transformers , fight Club nor the Terminator -rrb- .
as far as heist movie go , this one be pretty weak . continuity be pretty lousy , there be not enough character continuity to really feel like you understand any of the character . Peter Falk be great , and he be one of the reason its worth watch . Falk have some great line , like `` he 'll be right back , he goin ' buy to some saugage '' or something like that ... there be a few nice scene , although they be entirely due to the effort of the actor . direction , script , and editing be pretty lousy .
I be look forward to see John Carpenter 's episode in season 2 because he first , Cigarette Burns , be by far the best from season 1 -lrb- and I do like other episode from that season -rrb- . oh , how I be disappoint . <br /> <br /> in fairness to Carpenter I think the primary problem with this episode be absolutely horrible writing . the character , aside from the subject matter , seem to behave and speak as though they be write for a episode of Walker , Texas Ranger . the acting be bad , and I normally like Ron Perlman a lot , but I can only blame they so much because the writing be so horrible . I be not go to try to guess what the writer be try to do because that would be useless but it appear as though they be try to mix horror -lrb- obviously -rrb- with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion . in this case , not surprisingly , it seem a chance to bash a certain variety or religious nut as well as fanatical anti-abortionist . and I be in favor of both aim but it be do so horribly that I be embarrass to watch character act and speak with such stupid inconsistency . this fail totally to offer any worthwhile opinion on the subject and the horror element fail as well alongside such inept writing . <br /> <br /> while I do not think Carpenter can be blame for most of the badness here I will say he do choose to direct the teleplay and therefore have that to be hold responsible for . there be a couple small bit that I find nice , hence the 2 star I give it . <br /> <br /> the actual gore and monster effect be good , but the CGI gore -lrb- two separate gunshot to the head -rrb- be so obviously inferior quality cgus they should have never be give the ok . I be generally very critical of cgus but not because I have a problem with it in principle . I have a problem with the execution of it . the technology , while amazing in some respects , be not good enough to match `` real '' effect , whether they be miniature or gore especially when it be suppose to match something organic and/or alive , and therefore should not be use until they be . cgus can be use well in small amount or obviously if the whole film be animated . <br /> <br /> I 'll also take this opportunity to note that the show title , master of Horror , be a bad title to have . there simply be not many actual `` master of horror '' around . maybe two or three . if the show be call `` tale of Horror '' or something like that it would be fine . but as it stand the criterion for direct one of these episode , and therefore be criticize for not be a `` master of horror '' be that they have directly at least one horror film in they career . and it do not even have to be a good one .
I have screen this movie several time here at college , and every time I show it , the number of people watch with I grow exponentially ... in addition to the virgin , anyone I have already show it to need to see it again ! it take a little while to get into it , but by the end the whole room be scream , shout , yell , rewind scene repeatedly , repeat dialogue , and just totally and completely engross in the moviegoing experience that be Pia Zadora in `` the lonely lady '' ! scene after scene after scene of the most ineptly film , poorly write , horribly act trash be throw at you in a all-out assault that rank as the campiest thing I own -lrb- no small statement , friend -rrb- . for I nothing compare 2 U , Pia ... and I do not suppose I be the only one who be ever feel this way !
this be a weak film with a troubled history of cut and re-naming . it do not work at all . firstly the dramaturgy be all wrong . it be very slow move at first and then hastily and unsatisfactorily move to a end . but there be also -lrb- and that may have to do with the cut -rrb- a uneasy move between genre . it start off with be a thriller to be take at face value and then degenerate into a farce rather than satire . the end may be funny but it be also so blunt that I almost feel it insult my intelligence -lrb- what little there be -rrb- . so the film try to be everything but do not really succeed on any level at all . you can also see that in the very unsteady character development.you almost get the impression Connery play three role rather than one .
a very strange and compelling movie . it be about a very awkward and tightly wind man who attempt to navigate he life as a door-to-door fundraiser/salesman . the director be able to capture a very unnerving tone that really serve the story well . original and unsettling while also find a great deal of humor in the pain that accompany life . there be a sequence at a testing facility that really stand out and make I laugh out loud which be not something I do as frequently as I should . one of the more memorable film I have see in a long while . have not leave my mind and I look forward to future effort by Bronstein . fantastic performance all around . the simple line `` I really appreciate it . '' be now iconic to I .
my wife and I watch a film every night with no distraction , and mostly artsy film that require thought . I have ton of patience for film that be slow to blossom . my wife have double the attention span that I do . all that be say -- this film be just plain empty and boring ! it go nowhere . never blossom . it start fairly strong with a promising plot ... then she bake cookie ... go to Spain ... she sulk , she stare ... the credit roll . uneven , full of hole , false start & dead end . we ff would through several extended sequence of she just stare off into space . artificial depth be imply when she play with the mud and cry . Zzzz ... . it be like a beautifully shoot chick-flick that be pretend to be deep or artsy . you never get to know nor understand Morvern at all . about halfway through you just do not care anymore . we just want to see at least one of the plot line develop . do not waste you time on this . I be shocked it score so high .
have first achieve fame with Drunken Master , Jackie Chan be thrust into the spotlight once more with 1983 's project a , a hugely enjoyable pirate flick which re-establish he as a major star . by the time Police Story be release two year later , the extraordinary hype surround Jackie be reach its zenith , and crowd flock to see this frenetic blend of awesome stunt , brutal fight scene and questionable comedy . it break numerous box-office record and inspire a 50 % rise in police recruit , but , view 20 year on - be it any good ? <br /> <br /> as a action movie Police Story unquestionably stand up . there be several terrific fight scene , some stuntwork that recall the very best of Chan 's hero Buster Keaton , and a compelling if over-violent climactic tussle . Jackie 's performance be also very strong , and whilst the frequent foray into laboured comedy dull the film 's impact just a little , he charisma carry it through . furthermore , in present we hero as a borderline psychopath whose recklessness put other in danger , Jackie take a momentous gamble ... though in the event nobody seem to have notice ! by praise Police Story as a simple ` good v. evil ' battle critic belittle the film 's ambiguity of tone , and whilst it be hardly the Brothers Karamazov , in depict such uncertainty the film nevertheless represent a notable and praiseworthy shift from conventional idea . <br /> <br /> in short , this remain a quality `` popcorn '' movie * -lrb- though you may empty you stomach as numerous villain be thrust against or deposit into glass showcase in the film 's final scene -rrb- - a potent , boisterously entertaining action movie that rank with the best of its period .
Jeff Lowell have write & direct ` over she dead body ' poorly . the idea be first of all , be as stale as my joke and the execution be just a cherry on the cake . <br /> <br /> Minus Eva Longoria Parker there be hardly anything appealing in this film . Eva look great as ever and deliver a likable performance . <br /> <br /> Paul Rudd look jade and least interested . Lake Bell be a complete miscast . she look manly and deliver a strictly average performance . Jason Biggs be waste , so be Lindsay Sloane . <br /> <br /> I expect entertainment more from this film . sadly , I do not get entertain .
the viewer leave wonder why he bother to watch this one , or why , for that matter , anyone bother to make it . there be no plot - just random scene of ridiculous action . Mia Sara 's shower scene appeal to the male libido , but that be not much reason to make a movie .
when gundam0079 become the movie trilogy most of we be familiar with , a lot of it be sheer action and less of anything else . this ovum be kinda the opposite . though there be only half a dozen episode , it be not fill with action , but emotional thing . the two main action sequence in this , I believe , be enough to satisfy I . after see so many gundam series , movie , and ova , I be completely ready for a civilian-esquire movie . this movie do a fantastic job of that . what make this movie stand out be that show both side of the war have good and bad people . it make the Zeons seem more human rather than the original movie where they be depict as the second rise of evil Nazis . most people that do not like anime that I have force to watch this movie -lrb- lol -rrb- , like it . so , I would recommend it to a lot of people just for the anti-war story . if you be a Gundam fan , and have not see this , you should not be read this ; you should already be watch it right now .
how to lose friend and alienate people be decent comedy with a bit of romantic approach . <br /> <br /> it be actually a story of Sidney Young -lrb- Simon Pegg -rrb- break through in journalist and magazine write business which be interpret in a funny way . Simon Pegg make a ok appearance , slightly worse than he usual . movie be not hilarious or funny all the way or anything like that but it have its moment , and those moment be really hilarious . <br /> <br /> I recommend this fun and worth watch american with english cream comedy to all people who just wan na sit , relax and enjoy movie for what it be . if you be about to watch this movie with critical approach then you should pass unless you want to be disappointed and start trash it .
the trick to create a good , solid mystery story be as much a matter of timing as its about plot contrivance , colorful character or surprising twist . anyone who have ever labor in frustration with a un-finishable Sunday New York Times crossword know that any puzzle that take too long to solve cease to be any fun . the best murder mystery , be they on film or in print , be slight affair that get to the point , spell out they clue , line up they suspect and , hopefully , zap we with a few surprise ; be complicate without be unduly confusing . and they play fair ; on second , third and fourth viewing of the clue and red herring we should be just as pleased to marvel at how well it all come together as we be at be surprise in the first place . indeed , good thriller should get better on repeat viewing as we anticipate the double and triple cross . <br /> <br /> Sidney Lumet 's comedy-thriller DEATHTRAP , as derive from Ira Levin 's hit Broadway play , be a great example . it move along at a tidy clip , skillfully juggle its clue , be -lrb- almost -rrb- totally honest with we -lrb- even when it be lie to we -rrb- and yet never reveal where it be go -lrb- even when it be tell we where it might go -rrb- . it be less a murder mystery movie in the traditional vane than it be a movie about murder mystery , derive from a play about playwriting . rather than go backward -- a murder and then a investigation to explain why everything happen -- deathtrap lead we through the crime -lrb- s -rrb- step by step , leave ample room for the unexpected ; as the ad advise it be less a `` whodunit '' than a `` who ` lldoit . '' <br /> <br /> deathtrap be often compare -lrb- unfavorably , oddly enough -rrb- to the play and movie version of sleuth , though in reality it have much more in common with scream , the self-mocking essay on teeny-bopper horror flick . like that clever film , DEATHTRAP label itself -lrb- a thriller about thriller -rrb- , set it parameter -lrb- `` a one-set , five character moneymaker '' -rrb- and then proceed to deconstruct its genre by reveal itself as `` the most outlandish and preposterous set of circumstance entertain enough to persuade a audience to suspend its disbelief . '' <br /> <br /> deathtrap bravely give we a mystery with only five major character , two of which be of minimum importance . Henry Jones as a cagey lawyer be on hand mostly for exposition -lrb- and to supply we with he penchant for folksy charm -rrb- and Irene Worth be all quirk and comic relief as a psychic-cum-sleuth who act as the nominal detective . that leave three main character to be the killer -lrb- s -rrb- and/or the victim -lrb- s -rrb- : it be a testament to Michael Caine 's ability that as Sidney Bruhl , a down-on-his-luck author of mystery play , he create a character who we intrinsically like and trust , even as we recognize immediately that almost everything he say be a lie . as he adoring , if somewhat ditzy wife , Myra , Dyan Canon flirt with be over the top by give a roller-coaster ride of a performance with a character that by turn seem to be frail or overbearing , crafty or hysterical , timid or bold and uncompromisingly in love with a less than reciprocate Sidney . the third angle of this unexpected triangle be a fledgling playwright name Clifford Anderson play by Christopher Reeve in such a way that we never quite get a handle on just who he character be : enthusiastic preppie wannabe writer , semi-innocent victim or cunningly charming sociopath . as the various character dance around each other , the cleverly dour script adapt by ace scribe Jay Presson Allen manage to be consistently amusing , even as it build suspense . and even after the final twist -lrb- a improvement over the play 's finale -rrb- , it may not be quite clear just who have manipulate who to do what . <br /> <br /> Lumet be by no mean a master of comedy , so he let he able cast have free reign to flesh out the character and they all give sharp , theatrical , yet subtle work , with Reeve be particularly noteworthy . but what Lumet do so well be to work skillfully in tight quarter . as he do brilliantly in 12 angry man , he take a one-set play , and with a minimum of open up , manage to make what could have be cramp , stagy and stagnant seem endlessly photogenic and spacious . the setting , a country home convert from a old windmill , be relatively small , but as design by Tony Walton it manage to be both cozy and charming , as well as spooky and treacherous . it be so truly difficult to tell where the studio set and the real country house cross boundary that to a degree the set become a sixth character . and as the scene of the crime , it be a most invite deathtrap indeed .
Richard Attenborough who already give we magnific film as `` a Chorus Line '' and `` Gandhi '' , once more surprise we make a beautiful hymn to the Nature . indeed , the vast and -lrb- in that time -rrb- unexplored territory of Canada help to compose the stunning beauty of the landscape pick up by the motion picture camera . if the movie be really base on a true story , once more become evidente that `` man of vision '' be , in truth , man that live beyond they time , with a historical perspective that only the Time will give they reason . the cinematography be magnificient , such as the cast lead by Pierce Brosnan , whose performance be due to Attenborough 's master hand . a please surprise be the appearance of Annie Galipeau in the role of Archie 's beloved . movie that must appear in a list of those who really love the Nature ...
despite loving Rita Hayworth , find the final few sequence of the film intriguing and be able to appreciate some of the subtler `` symbolic '' aspect of the cinematography , the lady from Shanghai do not quite work for I . I have a problem with most of the performance , the script and the overall structure . and in a film that be mostly people talk with each other in various situation , that be quite a problem . the lady from Shanghai end up at a very low `` c '' , or a 7 , for I . <br /> <br /> the lady from Shanghai be really all about Orson Welles ' character , Michael O'Hara . O'Hara see Elsa `` Rosalie '' Bannister -lrb- Rita Hayworth -rrb- in Central Park on a carriage ride and hit on she . later , he save she from a mugging and she take a shine to he . O'Hara be a seaman from Ireland and the globetrotting Elsa happen to own a yacht with she husband , Arthur -lrb- Everett Sloane -rrb- , a very famous and powerful California defense attorney . they talk O'Hara into work for they , despite he initial reservation -- it seem to he , and to the audience , that Elsa be just look for someone to have a affair with , and O'Hara do not want to get involve . <br /> <br /> shortly after go to work on they yacht , a strange man , George Grisby -lrb- Glenn Anders -rrb- , who say he be Arthur 's partner , show up at a port of call and begin stir up trouble . eventually , Grisby ask O'Hara to enter into a very dubious and dangerous scheme . foolishly , O'Hara agree . naturally it get he into quite a bit of trouble , and eventually , a number of mystery be reveal . <br /> <br /> maybe my problem with the film lie in the fact that , so far , I be not exactly a huge fan of Orson Welles , and here , he produce , write , direct and consume most of the screen time . I have not see anywhere near the majority of Welles ' work yet , but I have tend to like he later film better , when he become a bit more campy and performance-arty . I love f for Fake -lrb- Vérités et mensonges , 1974 -rrb- for example , and I even kind of like he performance in Casino Royale -lrb- 1967 -rrb- , when he bizarrely insist on be allow to do magic trick at a baccarat table , but Citizen Kane -lrb- 1941 -rrb- never do much for I , despite give it 3 or 4 chance over the year -lrb- include about one year ago ; my rating be a low 7 -- the same as my current score for the lady from Shanghai -rrb- . <br /> <br /> welle ' performance and the dialogue he be write for himself come across as affect and pretentious to I . he be a bit of a motormouth , a bit of a boor , and a bit monotone -- he tend to sound like he be reading . he performance remind I of what I have see of Welles ' version of Moby Dick -lrb- list on imdb as 1999 , but `` complete '' in 1971 , it can also be see in Orson Welles : the One-Man Band -lrb- 1995 -rrb- -rrb- , where he seem to be just read to the camera and believe that he be inherently , sublimely dramatic . I be also someone who almost never complain about accent , but somehow Welles manage to make he irish accent sound affect and pretentious to I , too . <br /> <br /> as for the other performance , I can only say I think Hayworth do a excellent job . of course she be gorgeous , which do not hurt . plenty of eye candy here . like Welles , Sloane also seem a bit affected and pretentious to I -- I never quite buy he character , he handicap and so on , and Anders be simply bizarre where bizarre do not seem to fit . Welles often shoot he in close-up and Anders almost always have some over-exaggerated , manic expression on he sweaty face . <br /> <br /> structurally , the lady from Shanghai be very uneven . the first 50 minute or so be extremely bland and soap-operatic , although the soap opera ministration tend to be approach from a tortuous oblique . once Grisby introduce he scheme , thing pick up a bit , and mostly improve as we near the end . but by the time the lady from Shanghai become a crime/mystery film , it be too little too late , and it quickly turn into a courtroom drama before the sudden , thrilling end that come almost out of nowhere and be over far too quickly for its relative excellence . <br /> <br /> the end be more action-oriented , less-dialogue heavy , more varied and exotic in setting , and at time , fairly abstract . Welles handle that combination of material skillfully as a director . if the lady from Shanghai would have be a largely a combination of the crime/mystery stuff and the arty ending , it could have easily be at least a 9 . the final scene be easily 10s , as Welles shift from a hitchcockian suspense scene in a San Francisco Chinese opera house to another suspense scene in a chinese amusement park . the funhouse climax use cinematography that be experimental for its time . it be well integrate with the script , as it allow a complex resolution and fuel a lot of symbolism . <br /> <br /> the cinematography throughout be interesting , even if it usually can not make up for the problem in the foreground . Welles block scene with skill . there be lot of attractively film setting , from Central Park to Acapulco to various San Francisco location . Welles effectively create symbolic backdrop for he action , from the emphasize height and precipitous drop of Acapulco to the maze-like Caribbean street , the beautifully frame and silhouette shot of the San Francisco Aquarium , and so on . the romance material , for which the Aquarium serve as one backdrop , be interestingly temper with a kind of unease throughout the film , but on the other hand , that make the romance never quite work as romance . <br /> <br /> surely serious Welles fan will appreciate the lady from Shanghai much more than I do , and of course it be worth a watch if you love Rita Hayworth . the lady from Shanghai be not exactly a terrible film , in my view , but it be dangerously close to not `` pass '' . proceed with caution .
this be a dry and sterile feature film on one of most interesting event in WWII and in history of warfare behind the front line . bad drama composition be worst about this film as plot on kill Hitler suppose to be pretty dramatic event . there be no character development at all and idea that Tom Cruise suppose to play a high rank commander that question he deepest inner thought on patriotism and treason be completely insane . I believe that Mister Bin would play it better . generally speak , film pretty much look as a cheep copy of good german tv movie `` Stauffenberg '' from 2004 , but can not get close to that film regard any movie aspect whatsoever . however , movie obviously get its financial goal with pop-corn audience that cherish Hollywood fast-mood blood and shallow art value .
Andie McDowell be beautiful as the 40-ish woman whose late start at a serious relationship lead she to a considerably younger man and a subsequenet falling-out with 2 long-time best girldfriend . <br /> <br /> see a gigolo/gold-digger in the sincere young man , the `` girl-friend '' , dead-set on terminate this `` silly relationship '' , go over and beyond the call of duty in `` help out '' they friend -lrb- who obviously be blind by this gigolo 's tricky game '' . <br /> <br /> a short succession of situation be absolutely ridiculous . far fetch no longer cover it . without these unbelievable scene , there may have be hope for a sweet love story . instead , all the viewer be leave with be a involuntary shake of head -- these thing just do not happen ! without give away cliff-hanger detail , I warn the viewer of have high expectation for this film ; most -lrb- like I -rrb- will be very disappointed . on a scale of 1 to 10 , this one rank a weak 4 with I . there be much better material out there . this one be not worth you time .
wow ... what can I say ... First off IMDb say this be in the late 60 ... which mean Carlito would be very close to go to prison , he get out in 75 and say he be in for 5 year . they use a bunch of nobody actor , and a story that do not even make sense . they bring back only one actor , Guzman , and he play a totally different guy . why do it end with he and this Puerto Rican chick ? Wheres Gale ? he say he be in love with she before . Wheres Kleinfeld ? he say he know he forever ... you would think he would have be in this one . and if this make sense , where be Rocco and the black dude in the first one ? it be all just stupid ... this be a insult to pacino and the first film .
the premise be intriguing , but sadly this film just do not do any justice to it . the casting be quite good , and it be shoot beautifully - but stylistically much of the direction be inconsistent -lrb- overstylized fast editing be there do that to no effect ... I be wait for Steven Bochco to run in the credit follow by a commercial -rrb- , character be identify exclusively by on-screen coke usage -lrb- and pretty much everything else leave to Boogie Nights for character development -rrb- , and no personable character to draw the viewer into the story . a very forgettable film .
this movie be one of the worst horror movie I have ever see . from the very first scene , i know it would be a smash crash . it start with a seemingly bad girl kill a bunch of nun in a mission . as it turn out , the people in it be possess by some random zombie . well , some year later , some college kid be pull some pledge prank . horrible act go from pledge to the head jock . thing like the jock yell at he to do stuff in quite a non-chalonte manner , with pledge over react and over-do the whole `` eager to be popular role '' what really take the cake with this one be the final battle . absolutely horrible special effect with the gun . for example , gun make a noise with no muzzle flash , and vice-versa . this be accompany by stop-animation zombie -lrb- why they move in stop motion be a mystery -rrb- , cheesy music , and about 40 gun that come out of nowhere . <br /> <br /> overall , this movie be crap . just like so many other you can rent for 50 cent at you nearest low brow movie rental place .
this be a waste of 75 minute of my life . the acting be atrocious and the plot be ridiculous . it revolve around a evil lesbian who get rich married man to have sex with she , and then blackmail they for money . one of the victim be a candidate for DA , which be cause problem in he relationship with he wife . another be a plastic surgeon , also marry , and the evil lesbian happen to seduce this guy wife too ! meanwhile , the evil lesbian 's girlfriend do not really like she sleep around . it end in a happy end where all be forgive . the woman get naked a lot too , mostly in situation that stretch reality . bad bad bad .
in 1976 i have just move to the we from ceylon . i be 23 , and have be marry for a little over three year , and be begin to come out as a lesbian . i see this movie on a old black and white tv , with terrible reception , alone , and uninterrupted , in a awakening that seem like a echo of the story . i be live in a small house in tucson arizona , and it be summertime ... like everyone else here , i never forget the feeling the image of this story call forth , and its residue of fragile magic , and i have treasured a hope that i would see it again someday . i 'll keep check in . i also wish that someone would make a movie of shirley verel 's ` the other side of venus ' . it also have some of the same delicacy and persistent poignancy ...
I have no idea what idiot give this movie a Palm D'Or at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival because it be atrocious ! I actually watch the entire thing simply because I could not believe that someone would make such a worthless film . there be nothing interesting about the plot , the character be devoid of depth and there be no attempt at give any sort of ambiance with music or sound effect . also , if you do decide to waste 2 hour of you life by watch this film , be sure to bring something to throw up in because the cinematography be simply someone run around with a hand-held camcorder and half the time you can not even see the main subject . this style have be use much more successfully in movie such as `` Blair witch '' because it create suspense . in Rosetta , there be no plot and no suspense to which that style would lend anything . I should have know better when it come on at 2 o'clock in the morning that it be go to be horrible .
`` the last big thing '' be a wonderful satirical film that sardonically whip pop culture to the point of humorous self-desctruction . the character be so interesting and fun to laugh at/sympathize with . which bring I to a introduction to the character I like best ... <br /> <br /> Simon Geist be a man in he late 30s/early 40 who create a pop-culture driven editorial magazine call `` the next big thing '' . thing be , this magazine doesnt really exist , and it be only a excuse for Simon to get close to actor by interview they , only to bitch-slap they silly , insulting they way of buy into pop culture . he live-in female friend , Darla , be also write a magazine -lrb- which be real -rrb- , which mainly have to do with she and Simon , as well as she and she father . Darla be a genuinely loveable -lrb- or loathable -rrb- character , depend on how you view she muted neurotic behavior . Magda be a prostitute , the character i like the best . Brent be a flat character with not much to he , as be Tedra , the music-video queen for a bunch of b-rated rock band . still , these character weave a very interesting web together . and this movie question all the motivation that people have for what they do and why they do it . its a wonderful film and I suggest you see it if you be in the indie/art house crowd . Mark my word ! <br /> <br />
the actor play wonderfully , especially Kenneth Branagh himself . it be good that Robin Williams get the comedy role of Osiric , otherwise it could be a bit strange to see he in such a production . it be really great that Kenneth decide to use the fullest version of the text , this happen definitely not too often ... thanks to that the viewer can see the whole , not the choose - by the director - part . also - thank God that the film be in a classical form ; no to surrealistic fanfabery ! although `` Tytus Andronicus '' be impressive nevertheless , but still Hamlet be a different story , at least that be my point of view .
<br /> <br /> I really like this film . one of those rare film that Hollywood really do not make anymore . William H Macy be just great as the hit man with a soul , and Neve Campbell be just flat out fantastic as the woman who put he life on the track of redemption . <br /> <br /> if you have a chance , see this film . it earn it be praise
run man viciously lampoon the modern-day american media complex , and hit its target dead-center . it may be a easy target , but they pull it off none the less . rm effortless take on pro-wrestling -lrb- feature some pro wrestler as the hunter -rrb- , network television , the Nielsen rating , the american government -lrb- suggest it be entertainment-oriented anyway -rrb- , crime & punishment , and a half-dozen other thing along the way . it be a far cry from the original Stephen King novellum , and Arnold be not the Ben Richards of the novellum either . but who care ? it be basically a Arnie flick , with all the well-choreographed action sequence and one-liner such a undertaking require .
the opening scene move as fluidly as frozen velveeta . the attempt at dramatic dialogue only make I wish I have better control of the fast forward control . vampire be usually portray as sexy and intelligent or mangy disgusting creature . this vampire try to seduce he prey by imitate a lose puppy . I usually tally a body count , so there be a cat -lrb- which do not count -rrb- a bum , a girl who fall out of the sky with a sword in she -lrb- whatever that be about -rrb- and then the plot . Foley artist be respect for use celery to create the sound of a broken arm , but use the sound of bite into a apple for a vampire bite a victim be just plain silly . I like Warlock , but this movie just stink so bad that we turn it off , and it be so forgettable we rent it a year later only to turn it off again .
the movie hold my interest , mainly because Dianne Keaton be my favorite actress . I disagree with some of the other post on the grounds that the plot be not convoluted . I have no trouble follow it -lrb- maybe some people have too much eggnog the night before -rrb- . the movie be very sad and touching as well . what more do you want ? Alexa Davalos be a fine new talent -lrb- beautiful too -rrb- , and Tom Everett Scott do a excellent job with he part as well . the relationship of the mother and daughter may have be a bit unrealistic , but the behavior of the young people in the movie be not . it be tragically sad but enlighten . it sure beat the other show that be on tv new year day evening
*** warning - this review contain `` plot spoiler , '' though nothing could `` spoil '' this movie any more than it already be . it really be that bad . *** <br /> <br /> before I begin , I would like to let everyone know that this definitely be one of those so-incredibly-bad-that-you-fall-over-laughing movie . if you be in a lighthearted mood and need a very hearty laugh , this be the movie for you . now without further ado , my review : <br /> <br /> this movie be find in a bargain bin at Wal-Mart . that should be the first clue as to how good of a movie it be . secondly , it star the lame action-star Dolph Lundgren . that should be the second clue as to how good of a movie it be . I be still shock that it be even put on dvd -lrb- who would waste they money do such a thing ? -rrb- , though as you might imagine , there be not any extra or bonus footage on the dvd . in fact , there be not even a menu ; the movie just start playing . <br /> <br /> First , the writer for this movie deserve to be tortured and kill . it have one of the worst script ever write and be plague with terrible one-liner ; remarkably unbelievable , fake dialogue ; and inappropriate comment -lrb- like Lee 's comment on Lundgren 's . err . manhood , which I 'll mention later -rrb- . there be not one single sincere sound line in the entire movie . the dialogue and plot go hand-in-hand , as the script and plot both progress in a entirely nonsensical fashion . the two cop hate each other for no apparent reason at the beginning , and then for again no reason at all , Lee 's character pull over to the side of the road , run around to the other side of the car , and say ` I be not go to let you go alone , 'cause despite myself , I like you ! and I do not want to see you get kill ! ' . or something to that extent , anyhow . there be disgust one-liner , mostly say by Lee . for instance , when duke it out with a bad guy , Lee say ` you have the right to remain silent . you have the right to be dead ! ' lastly , I 'll mention the entirely inappropriate and nonsensical comment that Lee make about Lundgren 's nether-region . when bad guy start to attack after a seemingly random love scene between Lundgren and Carrere , and Lundgren decide to fight they off in he underwear , Lee say to he : ` Incase we die , I just want to let you know that you have the biggest dick I have ever see on a guy . ' . yes , he actually say that . it make no sense and be not even possible -lrb- Lee never actually see Lundgren naked , so how would he know ? -rrb- , but the writer throw it in the script anyway . the entire movie look like some kind of action video game , and Lee even admit it . after Lee and the underwear-only lundgren defeat all of those bad guy , Lee make a comment that be also truly beautiful : ` wow , this be sort of like a video game ; we just defeat the first wave ! ' <br /> <br /> second , the plot of this movie be despicable . it suffer , in my opinion , mainly from the fact that it just do not exist . the trailer for this movie - which IMDb have available for view , by the way - make it sound like the movie be about two cop try to stop the japanese yakuza from take over Lost Angeles . this be extremely misleading , however , since the movie have practically nothing to do with that at all . they make very brief , vague reference to the Yakuza try to start up a methamphetamine business with local drug dealer , but the entire movie actually revolve around a poorly-written attempt for Kenner -lrb- Lundgren 's character -rrb- to revenge the death of he parent , whom the Yakuza leader -lrb- name Yoshida -rrb- kill when he be only 9 year old . the entire plot can basically be sum up like this : Yoshida want Kenner dead , Kenner want Yoshida dead , and the two try two kill each other . and of course all the while Kenner 's sarcastic sidekick -lrb- name Johnny and play by Brandon Lee -rrb- act like a ignorant idiot , and Tia Carrere get naked . twice . <br /> <br /> the acting be one of the worst part of the entire movie . the dialogue be so unrealistic , and they entirely insincere portrayal of it emphasize this even more . you would expect poor act from action star anyway , but this movie highlight some of the most unimaginably bad act ever record . <br /> <br /> finally we get to the heart of the movie 's baseness : the flagrantly bad action . there be so many astoundingly bad , unrealistic action sequence in this movie , it be just downright impressive they manage to fit they all in . although Lee have he fair share of bad scene as well , most of the truly terrible action involve Lundgren . for instance , Lundgren nonchalantly take on four or five kung fu bad guy one-handed , without spilling he tea . then , when surprise by a oncoming speeding car , Lundgren casually leap over it . or how about when he reach through a closed door , grab the villain on the other side , pull he back through the door , and beat he up ? or when he pick up Tia Carrere , gently walk -lrb- not run -rrb- backward through a glass door that shatter around he , and leap down a one-story height with tium still in arm , only to then lift up a entire car without the slightest effort and use it as a barricade to shield they from bullet ? all of the shameless gunfight be terrible as well , with Lundgren and Lee kill every bad guy instantaneously , while the rain of bullet from they fifty attacker never seem to hit either of they . that be , of course , until the final fight scene of the movie . Lundgren get shoot point blank in he bare chest in a region that even if it do manage to miss he heart , would still immediately begin to fill lung with blood and kill he within a matter of seconds . despite this , lundgren remain in top-notch condition and manage to duke it out in the middle of a parade with Yoshida , the evil super villain . and of course the pass people in the parade dress as samurai be carry REAL , fully sharpen katana , which the two use to sword fight . now in addition to he bullet wound , Lundgren get several deep slice in he chest and arm . do this stop he ? no , of course not ! in fact , a few seconds later after easily kill the evil Yoshida -lrb- who get pin to a dartboard-like wheel and then burst into flame for no reason -rrb- , Lundgren casually walk off with tium and Lee as if he be not injure at all . God , it be terrible . <br /> <br /> all of these factor be then mix up with a entirely unnecessary , gratuitous nude scene every five minute , include topless woman at a party , the beheading of a topless woman , woman at a strip club , nude woman at a japanese spa , and the pointless hot tub and love scene with Tia . not to mention the trip to the bizarre sushi bar , at which rich japanese man be eat sushi off of naked woman . which , by the way , prompt Lee to say with much fake enthusiasm that after defeat the bad guy he and Lundgren will ` go eat fish off those naked chick ! ' which , of course , be follow by a disturbing high five . and we can not forget the terrible editing either , like when the villain be crush a man trap in a car at a junk yard , and the editor leave in a really obvious glimpse of a prop dummy . the credit also list a enormous list of stunt worker , which imply that a lot of the action probably be not do by the movie star after all . <br /> <br /> in the end , this movie repeatedly outdo it self with brazen badness . it be illogical and impossible , and as a result , remarkably entertaining . if you be look for any kind of thoughtful cinema , this movie will make you want to die . if you be look for a good laugh and a good time mock bad movie making , this movie will delight you . as a actual movie , I 'll merit this movie a 0.5 out of 10 . as a entertaining way to waste a hour and eighteen minute , however , this beauty take the cake .
this be by far the worst movie I have ever see !!!! <br /> <br /> I can honestly say I have never see a movie worse than this one !!! <br /> <br /> and I mean never !!!! <br /> <br /> I be a BIG fan of `` b '' horror movie . as you may imagine ... I have be expose to some of worst that the movie industry have to offer . <br /> <br /> I be lure to this movie by it be title . I mean c'mon ... what true fan of horror would not be intrigue by a title like `` Vampires vs. Zombies '' ??? image of the `` undead '' battle each other to the `` undeath '' dance in my head . I think to myself ... `` this I have get to see '' !!!! <br /> <br /> Well ... sorry to say ... `` this I wish I have not see '' !!!!! <br /> <br /> this movie title be very misleading to say the least . there be no vampire fight zombie . in fact , there be no plot !!!! if you be to ask I what this movie be all about I could honestly tell you I have no idea !!! <br /> <br /> there be no plot !!!! <br /> <br /> there be no story !!!! <br /> <br /> this movie absolutely make no sense at all !!!! <br /> <br /> at the end of this debacle ... I find myself feel sorry for the poor soul who have invest they money into this project for they surely have no business sense !!!
I would give this show a ten out of ten if it be not for the fart joke . you people be so damn sensitive it be inane ! so quick to point out the `` racism '' of the show and the joke , yet be also so quick to say ridiculously sexist , pig-headed crap like `` well , duh , some of these other show do these joke so much better because at least they have hot woman . '' so disgusting . abortion joke be great because , really , who take abortion seriously anyways ? at least I be not a * bear * son . I hear that Reba McEntire and Sarah Silverman be team up to do a movie about sister take a road trip together . talk about a movie of the year !
I first hear about this film about 20 year ago when I be a kid in grade school -lrb- ! -rrb- , it just so happen that I be thumb through the encyclopedia in the classroom one day , and under the entry for movie -lrb- or cinema , I do not remember -rrb- , be several still for different movie from mainstream to experimental , and one of they show on the page be a still for offon . it really intrigue I , since it stand out the most on the page -lrb- it be a still from the film of the scene with the eye with other element superimpose over it -rrb- . <br /> <br /> about 18 or so year later , the public library here where I live have available for checkout the whole 4-dvd set of `` treasure of american Film Archives '' release by the National Film Preservation Foundation . so when I be read the note on the dvd case for the set , I be quite pleasantly surprise to see that offon be on one of the disc . after all these year , I could finally see the film ! after view it , it slightly be not be I be expect it to be -lrb- it tend to be a more organic-looking film , not that that be a bad thing , but I be expect it to have a more electronic aesthetic -rrb- , but it be still a impressive film , imho , consider the technique Scott Bartlett use to make the film , include hand-tinting the film itself , and use video equipment for some of the film 's scene -lrb- film off of a video monitor -rrb- , give it a more distressed , lo-res look . <br /> <br /> do not get I wrong , the technique use in this film be quite ground-breaking for 1972 . that be why it be still one of my favorite short/experimental film , and a creative inspiration for I as well ...
sloppily direct , witless comedy that supposedly spoof the `` classic '' 50 `` alien invasion '' film , but really be no better than they , except of course in the purely technical department -lrb- good makeup effect -rrb- . and any spoof that be worse than its target be doom to fail -lrb- `` Casino Royale '' , `` we man Flint '' be worse than almost any James Bond movie -rrb- . after two hour of hear the screech voice of the alien , you 'll be beg for some peace and quiet . -lrb- * 1/2 -rrb-
when you be make a thriller about witchcraft , I believe you should do everything you can to help the audience suspend its disbelief in order for the movie to work . some picture -lrb- `` Rosemary 's Baby '' , for example -rrb- have accomplish this ; other -lrb- like `` Necromancy '' -rrb- have not and the potentially scary material come across as corny and goofy . this film do have some atmospheric moment , but about half the dialogue be hard to make out -lrb- sometimes it be poorly record , at other time just incomprehensible -rrb- and Orson Welles , who get top billing , have a role that be so beneath he that you have to assume he be desperate for the work . or maybe he be simply have fun ... -lrb- * 1/2 -rrb-
follow the success of `` Paris , Je T'Aime '' , a group of director decide to get together and make a similar anthology style film base in New York . unlike the original film , the story in this film seem to sometimes come and go too quickly -- by the time you think be get into a story , it be over in too many case . and , the often start up and stop and then begin again -- with the story weave together . as a result , there be no title to indicate that a story be complete and it be less formal in structure . <br /> <br /> sadly , however , while `` Paris , Je T'Aime '' be hit or miss -lrb- mostly hit -rrb- , most of `` New York , I Love you '' be miss . the story tend to be much more sexual in nature but also far less sweet -- and often quite terrible . it be a amazingly dull and uninteresting film with only a few exceptional story -- and perhaps the often depressing music make it seem more so . now understand , it be good quality music but its somber tone really , really make I feel like cut my wrist ! among the better one be the story about the young man who take a girl in a wheelchair to prom , the couple talk about cheating outside a restaurant -lrb- though this be also in the first film -rrb- and the crotchety old couple . this be all so sad because I have love the first film so much -- and I really want to love this film . I respect what they try but simply do not like it very much . <br /> <br /> by the way , and this be not really a complaint , but I be amaze how many people be smoking in the film . for a recent film , that be unusual in we more anti-smoking culture . <br /> <br /> also , if you get the dvd , there be two segment include as extra that be not include in the film . one consist of Kevin Bacon -lrb- wear a cool fedora -rrb- eat a hotdog ... and absolutely nothing more for almost ten minute . the other feature a teen who spend the film videotape the world -- include a very unhappy couple .
I buy this dvd for $ 1 at Walmart . after see it , I might just return to the store and try to get my money back ! the only reason I give the movie a 2 and not a 1 be that the story have a few novel story element , though it really never rise to the level of be interesting . this film have all the earmark of be a make for the drive-in theater market -- ultra-low budget , amateurish acting and a liberal dose of sex -lrb- for a early 60 film -rrb- . in fact , I wonder if perhaps the only reason the film be make be to make a fast buck and because someone know some stripper they could use as extra . the film be about a wacko doctor who want to transplant he girlfriend 's sever head onto the body of a unsuspecting donor . most of the potential donor be skanky stripper or a model -- whose only real purpose in the film be to titillate as they remove most of they clothes . however , they keep too much on to make the movie even worth watch for the naughty bit and the film be not quite awful enough to merit watch by bad film buff .
this movie get off to a interesting start . down the road however , the story get convoluted with a poor illustration of ancient black magic ritual . the male lead be very good , even though he get the worst end of the stick in the climax . in comparison , this be `` Boomerang '' meet `` extremity '' .
when I think about this movie , all the adjective that come to mind somehow relate to the physical appreciation of the world . texture , smell , color , that be how I think this movie should be judge in term of . see the rich golden tone surround the young concubine asleep by the fireplace , or the swelter turkish bath , and let it flood you sens with impression of spice , coarse cloth , smooth skin , scented oils , flicker flame , satin rustle . do not just watch and listen , be absorb , let the droning voice of the storyteller mesmerize you .
I be amaze at the amount of praise that be heap on this movie by other commentator . to I it be rather a disappointment , especially the combination of historical fact , fantasy and the main character 's internal turmoil do not work at all -lrb- in Vonnegut 's book Slaughterhouse five and even in George Roy Hill 's adaptation for the screen it do -rrb- . credibility be often overstretch . too many question be leave open . do I miss some central point ? or do I fail to spot the line that supposedly connect the dot ? <br /> <br /> a boy call Campbell , Jr. , grow up in upstate New York . at home he father have many technical trade papers and one book . it have photograph of heap of dead body in it . the boy leaf through the book , he dad do not like he do that . what should this tell I ? the family move away from upstate New York to Berlin . bang . it be 1938 , the boy be a married man in Berlin and a theater playwright . what kind of play do he write ? in what language ? be he successful ? he wife be a actress and look glamorous . the parent move back to the USA and invite they son to do the same . he do not . why ? because have grow up in Germany he feel more german than american ? because he be successful ? because he wife be ? because he like he life there ? because he like the Nazis ? because he be just plain lazy and do not like change ? do not ask I . <br /> <br /> possibly , the man just do not care , be not interested in politics , be a kind of a existentialist . he state that he be deeply in love with he wife . he speak of he republic of two -lrb- meaning he and he wife -rrb- . there be little to no evidence prove he love for he wife in the movie , it much more seem a republic of one . <br /> <br /> on the request of a american agent Campbell , Jr. , agree to broadcast anti semitic nazi hate propaganda to american listener as a device for transmit encrypted message to american authority who read between the line . the crucial meeting with the agent on a Berlin park bench be short , unexciting and anti climactic , the decision to play along come pretty easily with no explanation , the rise up to broadcaster seem to be uneventful and apparently fast . <br /> <br /> so now we have Campbell , Jr. , present himself over the air as the last Free American . the scheme for transmit secret message be fairly realistic and exciting - although one wonder what happen when Campbell , Jr. , really and honestly have to cough , hiccup etc. -lrb- must have scramble the message terribly -rrb- . anyway , the Nazis lose , the wife die -lrb- tour in the crimean for german troops - I never hear such tour really happen on german front line in WW II -rrb- , Campbell , Jr. , say he go to the russian front but do not go , be capture by a american soldier who recognize he mug -lrb- how come ? -rrb- , be drag to a sight-seeing tour in Auschwitz , be then release and resettle with the help of the crucial Agent somewhere in the city of New York . <br /> <br /> and this be WHERE the story really start <br /> <br /> bang . from now on it be like a short story by Paul Auster . it be 1961 , Campbell , Jr. , live in New York tenement as a has-been and mourn the loss of he wife . nobody really care - or do they ? yes , somehow they do , and he neighbor offer some sort of distraction . Auschwitz survivor . a painter . some american supremacist discover '' he and want he to be they figurehead . they even find he presumed dead wife for he , or be she he wife ? anyway , in the end Campbell , Jr. , call in at the israeli consulate , and they obligingly give he the Big War Criminal treatment , place he in the cell adjacent to Adolf Eichmann 's . he write he life story and , once this task finish , hang himself on the typewriter 's ribbon without get sooty the least bit . <br /> <br /> while I can see that there must be a issue of guilt and of loss , I just have the impression that the main character be a person who at all time be pretty indifferent to everything and hardly capable of love for anyone . so I find it difficult to sympathize for this looser who mourn he loss . amazingly , many reviewer focus on he status as a potential war hero , have put he reputation at stake for play the last Free American . I assume accord to they this take a lot of courage . as a matter of fact , however , the movie suggest that by accept the assignment Campbell create for himself a win-win situation , as he would have be politically on the safe side no matter who have win the war . the danger of he be uncovered never come up during the first part of the story . <br /> <br /> one might argue , that the whole story be a dreamlike fantasy and that nobody should bother with historical accuracy or a logical development of the story which explain everything . but even then it fail to make a point , primarily , I suspect , because the love affair in the republic of two fall completely flat . this be a pity , especially if you consider that the wife be play by Sheryl Lee , a talented , versatile and sensuous actress . she have much too little screen time and be force to use a ridiculous german accent . another somehow neglect aspect be the different text -lrb- confession , broadcast and hidden message -rrb- , but I guess this be largely unfilmable . maybe I should give the book a chance .
throughout this film , you might think this film be just for kid . well , it be mainly pointed towards they , but it be also well-rounded enough with the joke point also at the adult in the audience . this time around , the Muppet gang try to get on Broadway , with the dire strait keep they from get it produce , lead they to splitting up . but Kermit will not stop , and he determination keep thing move along until after get the deal together he get hit by a car and send into amnesia ! <br /> <br /> it be a send-up , in part , of those old star vehicle from the 40s with musical actually as the topic of a musical , only here there be the usual lot of zaniness and wonderful moment throw into a pot of hysterically funny moment -lrb- Lou Zealand 's boomerang fish ; Gonzo 's water-stunt display , the whisper campaign , among many other -rrb- , but also with a lot of heart too . the Muppet writer be not shy of the convention , on the contrary , they embrace they to the point where it be almost refreshing to see such a ` let put on a show ' story where through thick and think the character will meet they dream . <br /> <br /> while not as totally original in scope as the Muppet Movie , it be get many catchy and memorable song , excellent location all over Manhattan , and even some intonation of inter-species date -lrb- and marriage -rrb- ! cameo include Liza Minneli -lrb- `` a frog ? '' -rrb- , Elliot Gould -lrb- as the cop -rrb- , Brooke Shields -lrb- proposition by a rat -rrb- , Edward I. Koch , Gregory Hines and Joan Rivers . so get ready to sing-along , or just have a lot of big laugh and romantic -lrb- yes romantic -rrb- time with one of the best muppet movie .
this modern film noir with its off beat humour and dizzying succession of plot twist deliver a story full of surprise , dangerous character and excellent entertainment from start to finish . it be impossible not to empathise with the honest , unassuming hero or to be grip by the way in which he try to navigate he way out of the terrible predicament that he find himself in , so all you can do be fasten you seat belt and enjoy the ride . <br /> <br /> the story of a ordinary guy who make a poor decision and then find that the repercussion propel he into a uncontrollable sequence of event from which he be unable to extricate himself be pure film noir . the same be true of the theme of murder , deceit , corruption and duplicity which be pervasive throughout . many of the familiar noir visual motif be also present , such as the way in which cigarette smoke be light , the rain soaked road at night , the heavily shadowed interior and the line of shadow -lrb- create by louvred door -rrb- across people 's face . <br /> <br /> Michael Williams -lrb- Nicolas Cage -rrb- , a injured war veteran without money or a job , stop off at a bar in Red Rock , Wyoming and be mistake by the proprietor Wayne Brown -lrb- J t Walsh -rrb- for a hit man that he be arrange to employ to murder he wife Suzanne -lrb- Lara Flynn Boyle -rrb- . Michael , a naturally reticent person , do nothing to disabuse Wayne of he misapprehension , especially as he could use a job and at first do not realise what he would be expect to do . after have be tell what he mission be and be give a $ 5,000 advance , he go to see Suzanne and warn she about Wayne 's plan . she do not seem overly concern about the danger she be in and offer Michael double the fee Wayne have offer , for he to eliminate she husband . <br /> <br /> Michael decide to take the money he have receive from both party and leave town . he plan fail however , when he accidentally drive into a man who be stand in the middle of the road and decide to take he to hospital to receive treatment for he injury . at the hospital , thing get more complicate when it emerge that the patient be Suzanne 's lover and he have two bullet in he stomach . this lead to the local law enforcement officer get involve and the revelation that Wayne be the Sheriff !! from this point on , thing get even more complicated and also decidedly more dangerous especially when the real hit man , Lyle from Dallas -lrb- Dennis Hopper -rrb- arrive on the scene . <br /> <br /> `` Red Rock West '' have some great moment of suspense , -lrb- a example of this be the scene in which Michael make he escape from Wayne 's bar -rrb- and also some great performance from its very strong cast . Nicolas Cage 's expression be extremely natural and convincing as he react to a variety of situation with anxiety , surprise or uncertainty and j t Walsh be also particularly good as a deceptive character who be always conceal more than he be actually say . Dennis Hopper be intensely threatening as the vicious contract killer -lrb- a role he play with great gusto -rrb- and Lara Flynn Boyle look suitably cold and calculate as the femme fatale . Dwight Yoakam also provide some good support and moment of humour in he cameo role as a no nonsense truck driver . <br /> <br /> incredibly , `` Red Rock West '' be originally destine to be deny a general cinema release but have justifiably emerge from its modest beginning to eventually be recognise as the great movie that it really be .
boast a all-star cast so impressive that it almost seem like the `` Mad Mad Mad Mad World '' of horror picture , `` the Sentinel '' -lrb- 1977 -rrb- be nevertheless a effectively creepy film center on the relatively unknown actress Cristina Raines . in this one , she play a fashion model , Alison Parker , who move into a Brooklyn Heights brownstone that be -lrb- and I do not think I be give away too much at this late date -rrb- very close to the gateway of Hell . and as a tenant in this building , she suffer far worse condition than leaky plumbing and the occasional water bug , to put it mildly ! indeed , the scene in which Alison encounter she noisy upstairs neighbor be truly terrifying , and should certainly send the ice water course down the spine of most viewer . despite many critic ' complaint regard Raines ' acting ability , I think she be just fine , more than ably hold she own in scene with Ava Gardner , Burgess Meredith , Arthur Kennedy , Chris Sarandon and Eli Wallach . the picture build to a effectively eerie conclusion , and although some plot point go unexplained , I be leave feel more than satisfied . as the book `` dvd delirium '' put it , `` any movie with Beverly D'Angelo and Sylvia Miles as topless cannibal lesbian in leotard can not be all bad '' ! on a side note , yesterday I walk over to 10 Montague Terrace in Brooklyn Heights to take a look at the Sentinel House . yes , it be still there , and although shear of its heavy coat of ivy and lack a blind priest/nun at the top-floor window , look much the same as it do in this picture . if this house really do sit atop the entrance to Hell , I take it that Hell be ... the Brooklyn Queens Expressway . but we New Yorkers have know that for some time !
be this base on a comic-book ? a video-game ? a drawing by a 3 year-old ? <br /> <br /> there be nothing in this movie to be take seriously at all ; not the character , not the dialog , not the plot , not the action . nothing . we have high-tech international terrorists/criminals who bicker like pre-school kid , Stallone 's man-of-steel-type resilience towards ice-cold weather , dialog so dumb that it be sometimes almost hilarious , and so on . even the codename that the bad guy use be dumb -lrb- `` tango-tango '' -rrb- . a film that entertain through some suspense , good action-sequence , and a nice snowy mountainous setting . oh , yes : and the unintentional humour . <br /> <br /> the film open with some truly bad and unconvincing gay banter between we go-lucky and happy character who be obviously have a `` swell '' time . then come a sweat-inducing failed-rescue part , which should make anyone with fear-of-heights problem want to pull they hair out . and then we have some more bad dialog , and after that some more great action . this be the rhythm of the film in a nutshell . <br /> <br /> Stallone 's melodramatic exchange with Turner , when they meet after a long time , be so soapy , so clichéd , so fake , and so bad that it should force a chuckle out of any self-respecting viewer . soon after this display of awful dialog-writing , we be witness to a spectacular and excellently shoot hijack of a airplane . the entire action be one big absurdity , but it be mindless fun at its best . although the rest of the action be exciting and fun , the airplane scene be truly the highlight of the film . after the landing , we master-criminal seek for a guide and end up with Stallone and Rooker . they send Stallone to fetch the first case of money , but somehow they do everything to make it as difficult as possible for he to reach it ; they take most of he clothes off -lrb- so he can freeze -rrb- and they will not give he the equipment he need -lrb- so he can fall off -rrb- . DO THESE GANGSTERS WANT THEIR MONEY fetch or NOT ??? very silly . apparently they do not trust Stallone , but surely they know that they can always black-mail he by use Rooker as a hostage . nevertheless , we gangster make Stallone 's climb difficult , if for no logical reason then to at least show we how truly evil they be - lest there be any doubt . and for those who might still doubt how evil the bad guy be , they overact , brag , and snicker in a truly evil manner . everyone convince ? good . you would better be . otherwise the writer will throw in a mass execution of twenty school child , just to make sure that the evilness of the bad guy be crystal-clear to everyone . <br /> <br /> the old guy who fly the chopper ... how the hell do he fall for the trap ? firstly , he must have be warn by the MTV airhead about the criminal , and secondly , he must have hear Stallone 's and Rooker 's voice on the walkie-talkie . a whole bunch of idiotic verbal exchange take place , with Lithgow have the questionable honour of get most of the silly line . `` get off my back ! '' Lithgow : `` I have not even start climb on you back . '' or , Lithgow to Stallone : `` we have a deal , but now we only have each other ! '' and as for Lithgow 's gang of murderer : these guy never seem to want to kill immediately . they be very creative about it ; they philosophize , pretend that they be play football with you body , and so on . <br /> <br /> Stallone co-wrote this thing . I have no idea what drug he be on when he do it . I would hate to think the script be this bad because of a low I.Q.
why be this film make ? even keep in mind the generous tax concession that australian film investor be give , there can be no reasonable explanation for this film be give the go-ahead . for goodness sake , the actor cast in this film be aussie b-grade celeb -lrb- not actor , people like John Michael ` Hollywood ' Howson , the original drummer from the band in hey hey its Saturday , and the voice-over guy in Countdown . but in say that , this be still very watchable as long as you give it the brain attention it deserve : none . the script be bad -lrb- even for a self-confessed b-grade horror -rrb- and the act and film quality be worse . it often look as though it be a home movie , but even a home movie have ` realism ' . anyone interested in australian cinema , please , for the love of God , pretend this film be NEVER make .
this be a film . . , not porn . <br /> <br /> this be a wonderful film !!! full of tender moment and memory !! a beautiful piece of work !!! excellent !!! for intelligent , viewer only !!! <br /> <br /> if you be a film lover . a romantic . a person who have love deeply , this be you film !!!! <br /> <br /> it have a beautiful surreal quality . fine acting and directing . watch this film make I remember my first love . <br /> <br /> Thi be a film for those who want to reflect on life , love and the meaning of loss . <br /> <br /> highly recommend for all film lover .
the best martial art movie ever make . this one movie be better than anything Bruce Lee ever do . a classic with a thoroughly entertaining and brutal climax . Jackie Chan be the king of martial art movie and the true king of kung fu.it 's a great pity that whilst Bruce Lee have be so overrated , it take Jackie Chan a eternity to become popular in Europe and America . Jackie rule !!!!
I never want to see this film , then one day , for a joke I watch it to see how bad it be ; my preconception be confirm . <br /> <br /> for starter I would like to question the politics of the film . it hide behind of mask of woman ` make it big in the city ' but the only way that woman can make it big be through use they sexuality rather than they intelligence or skill . these woman be nothing more the whore . be slightly less attractive girl not allow to be successful ? this be not the only right wing message of the film , there be hundred of shot of american flag and huge wad of cash . a fine example of how the only powerful thing in America be capitalism and anything of spiritual , moral or artistic value be not even give a look in of this film . money be depict as the only important thing to young people . <br /> <br /> the manageress of the bar state that she do not allow drug user in she bar , and then she go on to poor gallon of hard liquor down she own neck and then the neck of she staff and customer . any one who know anything about intoxicant will know that liquor can be just as dangerous as heroin and more dangerous than most illegal drug . <br /> <br /> and finally , why be scene in which the lead character be a point of sexual interest to the audience -lrb- when she be get undressed or with she boyfriend -rrb- be she father always involve ? we watch get she undressed with the camera virtually caress she leg while she be one the phone to she father . she ` auction ' she father just as she ` auction ' she boyfriend . I find this most strange . <br /> <br /> in conclusion , this film be immoral , fascistic , degrading to woman and frankly , disturbing . but what else do you expect from Jerry Bruckhiemer ?
a not bad but also not so great heist film . Kirk Douglas be a recently release from prison safe-cracker who , after turn down a offer from the mob , decide to pull the job himself . he recruit circus gymnast Giuliano Gemma . mayhem ensue . Douglas and Gemma soon find themselves pursue by mafia goon Romano Puppo as well as entangled in a really goofy love triangle with Douglas 's infinitely patient girlfriend -lrb- Florinda Bolkan -rrb- . Director Michele Lupo keep the pace move quickly and there be at least one excellent and creative car chase sequence involve Puppo & Gemma . though a italian production , most of the film appear to have be do in Germany . Douglas be fine , not just slum it in a Giallo quickie . the striking bolkan give a terrific performance . the music be by Ennio Morricone and the cinematography be by the great Tonino Delli Colli , who manage to work with everyone in Italy -lrb- from Wertmuller and Fellini to Pasolini and Leone -rrb- .
this be one of those film that explore the culture clash of Eastern bear people in westernized culture . <br /> <br /> loving on Tokyo Time be a sad film about the inability of opposite to attract due to major cultural difference . Ken , rock n'roll fanatic , marry Kyoto , a japanese girl , so that she can stay in the United States when she visa expire . the marriage be only expect to be temporary , that be , until Kyoto gain legal status again . but , Ken , who seem to be lose in every relationship , take a liking to Kyoto and try very hard to make thing work out . this , despite he friend 's urge that dump Kyoto and get rid of all commitment to girl be bad for rock n ' roll except to inspire some song write about broken heart and all of that . <br /> <br /> but Kyoto come from a strict traditional japanese upbringing , and do not expect to be marry to Ken all that long . not only that , she be homesick and want to return to Japan . it be sad in that this be finally someone Ken think he can love and be with and all that , except the one time he think he be find someone to feel that way about , the girl be not expect to stay that long . it be not that she do not like Ken , it be just that she be use to a whole ` nother way of life . she say , `` I can not tell he the way I feel in English , and Ken can not tell I the way he feel in Japanese . '' it be a rather sad love story with a killer 80s techno-nintendo soundtrack . <br /> <br /> I pick up loving on Tokyo Time because it remind I of one of my favorite 80s film , Tokyo Pop . and , for those of you who enjoy Loving on Tokyo Time , check out Tokyo Pop -lrb- a New York singer go to Japan and join a japanese american cover band -rrb- , except it be a movie with a happy ending . <br /> <br />
I see this in the early 70s -lrb- when I be 16 -rrb- , and despite the long slow set-up , meeting , riot , etc , once the desert section begin all fall into context and I love it . -lrb- still do , it have age very well . -rrb- back then I be in what seem to be a tiny minority . all criticism seem to concentrate on the lack of action and narrative . happily I be no longer in such a minority . <br /> <br /> it deftly show -lrb- in a somewhat prophetic way -rrb- the political splintering , unrest , confrontation , brutal repression , commercialisation and deception which lay ahead . <br /> <br /> appreciation for this magistral film have grow , and I be glad about that .
absolutely fantastic trash ... this one have it all : nudity , good fight scene , gore , action , explosion etc. . it also star the wonderful Belinda Mayne as Ingrid - not Olga as the other reviewer point out - although Olga turn into Ingrid later on in the film -lrb- you 'll have to watch it to see what I mean -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I will not bother to go into the story as it be far too long winded and not very interesting . the relationship between Ingrid and she brother Bo -lrb- Robert Ginty -rrb- be interesting - watch the towel steal scene to see what I mean . <br /> <br /> the fight scene be at once quite good and then spoil by some really shoddy gore effect that look like they be do by the team who do City of the walk dead -lrb- i.e. strange colour blood gush out of neck wound -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I would advise fan of low budget trash to check it out if they can track down a copy - its pretty rare though and I could not ever see anyone bother to re-release it so it 'll become all the rarer in a few year . <br /> <br /> anyway I would recommend it solely for Belinda Mayne 's great nude scene ! that lady 's a fox !
First of all ... <br /> <br /> what the hell ? why in the world be they try to sell a low budget piece of crap on late night tv with the promise of disturbing , offensive sick garbage that any normal real human be with a soul could not watch . <br /> <br /> what the crap be funny about a dog be injure , a grandma get she head knock off ... a guy get he hand blow to piece and two girl go to the bathroom ? what in the hell have this world come to that people find comedy in some thing so completely sick . anyone who think this kind of material be funny , should not even be allow to walk the earth . <br /> <br /> but from what I hear its not even offensive ... so ... they promise comedy through demented pile of sick garbage ... and they cant even pull that off .
possibly not , but it be awful . even the fantastic cast cant save it . ok , I admit it start off quite funny but it seem to plummet downhill as soon as they jump those girl in the general house . Bill Murray turn from be a quick witted , humorous guy into a arsehole who be shout thing at people in the street that just be not funny , its like he be try too hard to be funny . he character steal a weapon -lrb- a rv ? come on ... -rrb- and end up be a national hero after invade another country and kill god know how many soldier , for a laugh . one good point be that this film show the inadequacy and incompetence of the US Army and show how arrogant and imbecilic they really be , albeit unintentionally . I actually feel disgusted that this kind of propaganda crap could really be release .
I pick up TRAN SCAN from the library and bring it home . we have consider take a trip out east and think it would give we a feel of what it be like . the film be a total waste of time , if I go out to buy it I would call it TRAN SCAM when I see that it cost $ 49 . <br /> <br /> the dvd run for 8 minute and show a roller coaster ride across Canada with my stomach feeling ill as they go up and down and around curve with the film at high speed . <br /> <br /> there be a lot of footage they probably shoot on this and you would think that they could have make a better product . if I would of do this project I would of provide more footage , pause on road sign to let people know where they be and linger in place to view the scenery . to make a film like this it should of be 60 to 90min . oh yes the case say it be in stereo , the whole film be a hissing sound from speed up car sound , thet could of at least put some music to it . <br /> <br /> if you want a good cross Canada film watch the railrodder / National Film Board of Canada star Buster keaton -lrb- the one of the last film he make -rrb- in this comical film Buster Keaton get on to a railway trackspeeder in Nova Scotia and travels to British Columbia
while visit Romania with he CIA dad , Tony -lrb- Adam Arkin -rrb- , quite a talented high school quarterback see as the savior to lead he team finally to a victory over rival Simpson , be tell by a would-be palm-reader -lrb- . . in Romania , the people be not allow many book , so she take up palm reading -rrb- that he would be bite by a werewolf -lrb- `` when the moon be full , do not make any appointment . . you will be busy . '' -rrb- . well , who would have thunk it . . Tony be in fact bitten and he life would be forever change . after he father unfortunately die in a mishap within he bomb shelter -lrb- ! -rrb- under odd circumstance -lrb- firing at he werewolf son inside a metallic bomb shelter be not a very good idea , especially if the bullet do not leave the room and bounce around like a pinball go berserk -rrb- , Tony travel the land through endless year , until he be tire of packing , and return decade -lrb- . . and many US Presidents -rrb- later to hopefully lead he football team to a win over Simpson . . a task he abandon long ago . what be once a very white , clean-cut high school have indeed change into a ghetto of drug use , violence , and perversion . to get a idea of what the early 80 's full Moon High school 's prom party resemble , think Studio 54 with teenager . . <br /> <br /> Larry Cohen 's parody of werewolf flick , among other thing , be cram full of gag , homage , and in-joke . my favorite sequence contain one in the sex-ed classroom where Tony reveal to the 80 's class he werewolf transformation and the introductory scene to Dr. Brand -lrb- Alan Arkin , who steal the film when Kenneth Mars be not on screen -rrb- , quite possibly the worst psychiatrist on Earth . he task to talk down a jumper lead to two man fall off a balcony . . the jumper and a fireman -lrb- try , at first , to talk he out of it -rrb- , both fume mad at brand ! brand even try to get Tony to sign a waver for he body 's be donate to science so he can get he wife a fur coat ! Kenneth Mars have I roll in the floor as a homosexual football coach -lrb- . . and later in the 80 's as the principal -rrb- who like to pat he player on the behind . . he scene where Tony 's unload the truth to the sex-ed class be classic . the film be load with inspired casting choice . . just litter with funny character and the cast interpretation . . such as Ed McMahon as a very conservative military blowhard who actually look identical to Joseph McCathy stand next to he photo in the bomb shelter -lrb- . . always talk about commie -rrb- , Joanne nail as bulge eyed Ricky in present day who fall for the werewolf , Elizabeth Hartman -lrb- a Patch of Blue -rrb- as a mousy , nerdy sexually molest -lrb- . . and molester -rrb- teacher who find a attraction towards Tony , James Dixon as a deputy -lrb- . . he great scene have he steal a line from he police chief recite it to Dr. Brand who begin mouth the word to himself for memorization -rrb- , Roz Kelly as Jane , a undyingly devoted female desire Tony for only herself constantly demand he ravish she , and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn , Tony 's long-time pal and now the police chief who only get Jane after he friend leave town . can not forget jm j Bullock as Flynn 's closeted gay son try to fit in at the school hope to find a dame with hilarious result . <br /> <br /> I like how the film pay homage to the werewolf genre such as when he be on the prowl . . he be often refer to in the papers as Jack the Nipper because he like to bite he victim on the cheek . . and I be not talk face . he be see more as a annoyance than danger . the homage to Carrie and Psycho be nice , and the violin shtick be also amusing . Cohen toss so many zinger at the viewer , eventually one have to stick . obviously in a comedy such as this , not every joke hit it be mark , but many do . the cast make this worthwhile . the film look cheap on the typical Larry Cohen budget . Notice the 50 's scene where the obvious old cast member that would show up down the road wear glare wig . love Adam in the lead . . he be the perfect foil for the gag that follow he and the zinger he let fly from Cohen 's script . the film move quickly , rarely catch a breath . I like this horror comedy more than most it seem .
my child just happen to stop at this movie the other night and as thing start to play out it really pique my interest . I have to head out for bowling league so I have they record it for I on the dvr so I could watch the rest later . well I just get do watch it and the front of my shirt must be soak after cry bucket . it be a excellent movie even though I could almost feel the pain and anguish these girl be experience . and I never in a million year would have guess the reason why Alissia have go from this beautiful girl to a anti-social goth . this be probably why my shirt be soak because I have experience that same pain that Alissia be feel . I too would not have seek out this movie , but I be sure glad I see it . very move , very touching . Great for those who love a good drama or tear-jerker .
pop quiz : you be a part of the modern armed force in peacetime on routine manoeuvre and you find yourself throw back in time with a chance to change history . what do you do ? well , if you be a Hollywood studio , you change the japanese g.i.s in G.I. Samurai -lrb- aka timeslip -rrb- to the crew of a american aircraft carrier , have they debate stop the attack on Pearl Harbour for 90 minute and then go home and hope that no-one remind you that Japan do it first and with more ball in 1979 with this Sonny Chiba movie . but unlike its Hollywood counterpart the final countdown , this see its premise through : throw back 400 year into the japanese feudal war , its peacetime soldier decide that they best hope of get back lie in provoke history by try to change it by join with a warlord to conquer the country -- cue lot of tank and helicopter vs. samurai action , include a very impressive unrelent 25 minute battle sequence feature a cast of thousand inflict serious damage on each other . and yes , there be decapitation . <br /> <br /> of course , thing do not go as plan , and even superior firepower do not stand up as well as hope to thousand of soldier . even before that , the soldier be fall out with each other into those who want to go home , those who want to go to war and those who want to rape and pillage for the Hell of it . impressively direct and surprisingly well think through , the soft rock and country and western song be sometimes a distraction , especially when they feature english lyric sing by japanese singer who audibly can not pronounce the word let alone speak the language , but it be a forgivable flaw in a surprisingly good sci-fus actioner . <br /> <br /> Optimum 's UK dvd be a good transfer of the uncut 138-minute version .
Gwyneth Paltrow be absolutely great in this movie , but the story be , unfortunately , half-baked , and David Schwimmer 's energy be sort of like cold mush . when he close he mouth and get serious for a moment or two there be a rush of what-might-have-been . who think 25-year-old kiddie would be entertaining ?
this be possibly the best short crime drama I have ever see . the acting be superb especially Amanda Burton who be character go from scary to sweet to disturb to sad and then some ... she do a amazing job balancing rachels/carlas feeling and act out the pain of someone who be lose a child , its so believable that it feel more like a real life story then a drama . the other actor be of course great too which they usually be in british tv/film . the end , which I be not go to give away , be fantastic mainly because you do not really get one ... -lrb- you 'll get what I mean after you have see it -rrb- this be well worth buying and see over and over again and if you be not touch by this you be one cold heart person .
DRACULA 2000 be a horror film that be continually show on sky movie in Britain and consider it seem to be screen about three time a week for a whole year I have absolutely no idea how I manage to miss it until it ` s first broadcast on network television tonight . actually see as I ` m not much of a fan of horror movie the reason be probably down to my theory that this be go to be tripe . my theory be prove right for the most part <br /> <br /> !!!!! minor spoiler !!!!! <br /> <br /> what make DRACULA 2000 such a bad movie be the amount of dumb scripting involve . for example early in the film the bad guy be fly Dracula ` s coffin from London to America -lrb- in a twin engine turbo prop plane ! -rrb- and one of the bad guy be leave alone in the cargo hold where Dracula come to life . a fight break out , there ` s lot of noise but the bad guy in the cockpit do n`t hear a sound until the script demand it . it also appear in this segment ` s climax that Dracula can control the weather but this seem forget about as the film progress . sloppy scripting , and there also seem to be a problem with the structure where there ` s numerous scene of character be at the New Orleans mardi gra then the character be at a different location such as police station in the following scene then they ` re back at the mardi gra the scene after that which mean the lack of credibilty in the plot be enhance <br /> <br /> there ` s something else that yank my chain - product placement . there ` s umpteen scene where the logo for a certain record label/retailer chain be in full view . I will n`t dare publicise the company brand -lrb- except to say they also run a train company which be a national joke in Britain -rrb- but I be under the impression this type of advertising be against british broadcasting guidline and I ` m surprise the BBC show this movie if that ` s the case <br /> <br /> there be some positive in DRACULA 2000 like the visual for example . this be actually a good look movie with a good look cast and boy be those vampire chick hot , but it ` s something we should expect from Hollywood over the last few year - a very good look movie that ` s very dumb
some of the filmmaker who be participate in this series have make some really great film but they sure as heck be not show much skill with this series . particularly the writing . ok , the first season be somewhat better but these new episode they be create just stink . I be a huge fan of horror and in my opinion the vast majority of these episode be total garbage . nothing new or genuinely interesting . few of they be visually creative . it be just typical fabricate Hollywood crap , uninteresting , childish , poorly conceive and in some case , flat out laughable . much like tale from the Crypt the only good thing this series have be offer be great nudity ! other then that this series blow hard . I get the impression sometimes that they hire a bunch of eighth-grader to write the episode . maybe they do .
I be sure this be one of those `` woah ! '' attraction in 1982 when Epcot open , but now it be just silly . the film 's message be cliché . the Circle-Vision be disorienting . and that awful song at the end be grate . and I really wish they would install seat . after so much walking , all you want to do be sit down for a few minute . and when you hear there be a film to see it sound pretty glamorous ! you get entertain while sit down , right ? wrong ! you be stand there for 18 + minute lean against a short little railing . Disney should make a newer Maelstrom like attraction to liven thing up and replace this dull , lackluster film . NOT FUN . skip it . in fact , skip Canada altogether unless you be eat there . move directly to the United Kingdom .
I just finish watch this movie and I must say that I be so impressed.everything about it be superb . the act the character , the story . a believable child who grow into brave , always willing to help other . he mum must be proud . I could not take my eye off this film for fear of miss something . it be the prefect fable/tale with moral , cute and scary sprite and ` monster ' but nevertheless heartwarming folk . a child poke and bully at school who become a hero . pick to be a rider at the local village festival and a journey to the Goblin Mountain where he discover the Yokai , who be amazing creation that Brian Froud would be proud of . and the evil Kato and he off sider who definitely need a hug . these evil people capture the Yokai and throw they into a red pit along with unwanted object , like motorbike and other mechanical thing and these meld into one horribly violent robotic monster whose only job be to kill . Takashi a young boy be the one to become they saviour , alongside a red man/dragon a turtle man and a river Princess as well as a cute little creature that , if it have be America they could have turn it into a cuddly toy and sell it at all good toy store . the line be good especially the do not try this at home kid and other gem that bring a smile to you lip . suspend belief and watch this with a child or on you own and enjoy ! though I must admit that the end be a wee bit sad . and not necessarily so . Cheers Furdion
the haunting be yet another bad horror remake with phony overdo special effect and a big cast of on screen favorite and have no redeeming quality whatsoever except maybe for the cinematography.yes remake be not all bad but remake direct by Jion da Bont definitely are.I suppose that the a-list actor -lrb- Liam Neeson , Catherine Zeta Jones , Owen Wilson -rrb- be there to distract we from the boring plot , ridiculous special effect , and terrible attempt at scare it be audience however this be a movie not a tabloid magazine we do not care whose in it we care about the character and story two thing this film missed.the storyline be like take the classic novel the haunting of Hill House and rip out four chapter and then use whatever 's leave for the film it be so boring and a lot of it be unexplained.the character be pretty thin and while the acting be good you do not really care about any of the character at all.Lily Taylor give a horrendous performance and sound like she be 8 year old when deliver she line not to mention what a horrible screamer she is.Lily Taylor be not make for the horror genre at all.the ghost be stupid and cheesy , they look like a bunch of Casper The Friendly ghost 's and the ghost of Hugh Cain look like a fat guy dress as the grim reaper for Halloween with a smoke machine.there be this creature on the roof of one of the room that be a giant purple mouth and it be not even funny unintentionally just plain sad.the house be pretty and well design that be probably the only positive thing about this movie it look nice but that do not save it from it be brutal everything else.i can honestly say i feel like i be waste my time watch the haunting on tv for no price so I would have be even more pi $ $ ed if I have pay to see it but luckily it be on Scream Channel.Overall The Haunting be a boring remake that try to overwhelm you with bad special effect , a poor attempt at horror .
my brother bring this movie home from the rental store and I remember expect it to be such a bear . I think the title especially put I off . I can not ever remember start a movie with such low expectation and be so completely win over . I watch the movie twice before I let my brother take it back to the store . it be very infrequent that a movie speak to I the way this one do . I be completely catch up in Ruby 's situation as she try to make she way through she life . the bad thing about this movie be that it seem to end so quickly . I could have keep watch for hour . another downside be that I have be unsatisfied with everything Ashley Judd have do since . she be so perfect in this movie . this film be easily in my top ten favorite of all time .
I think it be a extremely clever film . I be very pleased with it and truly could not ' ask for more . I actually own the film because I do not return it to someone ... which I should do , but I really want to keep it due to how much I enjoy it . also , the fact I do not own too many foreign film and this be a first . now , I personally love finnish stuff so , that definitely add to how much I enjoy it . but overall , its worth watch . however , if you be not into the whole try to understand finnish or read Subtitles bit , then this film be not for you . <br /> <br /> 9/10 for sure .
I really enjoy this one , and although the end make I angry , I still give it 10 out of 10 . <br /> <br /> four college girl -lrb- Baltron , Kelly , Stahl and Cadby -rrb- be drive down to Florida , on they way they meet 2 guy -lrb- turner , Davis -rrb- , they really add nothing to the plot , but be at least somewhat likable . the girl agree to meet the guy in Florida for some fun , but they have car problem and never make it . one of the girl decide to go to a nearby gas station for help , the other three stay by the car . <br /> <br /> soon one of the girl have to use the bathroom , be in the middle of nowhere she have no choice but to go in the bush . soon she witness as a man -lrb- March -rrb- strangle a woman , in terror the girl flee the area , she do not get very far , but manage to get lose . <br /> <br /> she friend by the car go look for she , they too go into the wood and run into the same man , one of they see the dead woman , the man respond by shoot the girl head off , the other girl run away , manage to make it back to the car where she be also kill . <br /> <br /> eventually the two remain girl find each other and because they break into the gas station get arrest . this be when I start get mad , these poor girl be afraid for they life and the redneck cop do not believe they . <br /> <br /> they be treat badly and one of they be leave alone for the madman to kill she in the cell , the remain friend manage to escape , but not without get in dangerous situation . <br /> <br /> this movie have nudity , good actress , a shower scene imitate Psycho , graphic violence towards woman and solid story . some woman will probably find it offensive and sensitive individual will not like the end , but over all , this be a great little unknown movie .
another in a long line of flick make by people who think that know how to operate a camera be the same as tell a story . within 15 minute , the entire premise be lay out in just a few line , so there be absolutely no mystery , which eliminate a whole facet of the suspense . the only half-way competent actor be kill 10 minute into the film , so we be leave with stupid character run around do stupid thing . low budget film can not afford expensive special effect , so the CGI portion be unsurprisingly unimpressive , but be at least a valid attempt . the creature suit be terrible , as see when it fall to the sidewalk , and the director keep emphasize the eye , which be not even the red color show in mirror shot . the dialogue be clumsy and uninspired , with some line reminiscent of alien or Terminator . the last action sequence take place in a police station , also a rip-off from Terminator , with everyone hiding in the one glass line office that the darkwolf do not smash into . in the end , the girl call the hero `` a good protector '' , but he get both he partner , the original Protector , and at least three other civilian , not to mention a dozen cop , all kill without get a decent shot off , in spite of a arsenal of silver bullet and a submachine gun . but here be the real clincher for bad writing : they could have kill the beast right after the begin credit when it be hold the stripper while flash its red eye . instead , they take it into custody ?!?
this movie catch a lot of flak , but this be usually base on the horrible look and cover / clothe version of the film that play US television and have also be issue to death on VHS and dvd buy company like Alpha , Unicorn , etc. . this movie never have a theatrical release in the state , although it be pick up by Avco Embassy in 1973 . in Spain at the time , when there be nudity involve , the filmmaker shoot two version , one with clothes and one with out . the fully uncut english dub export print be title WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS and seem to have be release to home video only in Sweden back in the 80 's . it can be find on Ebay and the likes and come highly recommend . my guess be Avco cut the film down for a r rate release that never happen . in 1974 it be release by Avco to television title fury of the wolfman and the clothe version be use for this tv print . Cut to 12 year later and fury of the wolfman pop up on home video on the Charter label . this version appear to be what Avco be go to release back in ' 73 . it be the uncovered version , with some nudity that would never pass on tv or in a pg movie . there be several scene on the Charter tape that play out with nudity that be clothe in the tv print -lrb- the source for all those dollar Dud 's and VHS edition -rrb- . but a comparison to the fully uncut WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS reveal that 2 scene be cut on this version ! -lrb- spoiler in next paragraph -rrb- the scene where Ilona have Waldermar chained to the wall and whip he after he transform into the werewolf be incomplete . after whipping he into submission , she start to remove she clothes and begin make love to the werewolf !!! the werewolf respond positively to these sexual shenanigan too . this scene certainly rank as one of the most unusual in the history of horror film and be a delirious treat . it be not graphic but the imply bestiality be too much for US audience , or more likely the MPAA . Ilona be desperately in love with Waldemar and could not possess he , hence she whole scheme to mind control Waldermar 's wife and involve she in a affair . she want to wreck he marriage , and she accomplish this while Waldemar be in Tibet . unfortunately he return a werewolf , but this do not slow she down a bit . if she can not physically have he as a man , she love he enough to have sex with he as a werewolf . this also help explain the later scene where the werewolf bed down with a woman he spot get naked before bedtime while peep through she window . this scene be present san nudity in the cover version and really make no sense . in the uncut version , it would seem Ilona 's affection have make the werewolf horny and in need of release , so he rape the first woman he can after escape . the other cut be a complete scene of Waldemar in bed with Karen and she be see naked . a very similar bedroom scene be cut out of the US version of WEREWOLF SHADOW -lrb- WEREWOLF VS the VAMPIRE WOMAN -rrb- as well . the film do have it be problem though , for certain . the director be drunk , the bad stand in for the werewolf at point , the atrocious English dub , the inclusion of sequence from the first Waldemar film MARK of the WOLFMAN aka FRANKENSTEIN 's bloody terror and the grotesque overuse of that film 's music score throughout etc , but see in it be original widescreen format and uncut -lrb- ie : WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS -rrb- it be one of the wildest and most outrageous of the Daninsky werewolf series , with a plot line unmatched in it be everything but the kitchen sink approach . the cut / clothe pan and scan full screen copy of this film do it no favor , and unfortunately that be the version almost everyone comment on the film have see . the film carry a 1970 copyright , and I would bet the 1972 release date on the IMDb be incorrect . the film precede WEREWOLF SHADOW -lrb- aka werewolf v the vampire woman -rrb- in the series and be certainly release before WEREWOLF SHADOW . the ending of WEREWOLF NEVER sleep / fury of the wolfman dovetail directly into the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW , offer concrete evidence of this . sadly a complete version of this may never get a decent release . a perfect release would be the uncut English version but in spanish with english subtitle . the English dub severely hurt the movie . but any spanish language version would reflect the cover version as show in Spain during the Franco era , where nudity be verboten .
I see this movie at a advance screening and find it excellent . <br /> <br /> New York I Love you be a true spin on a romance that explore clever , funny , and sometimes shocking situation around the human race 's most powerful emotion . <br /> <br /> the cast be huge , a veritable Oceans 11 with Andy Garcia , Ethan Hawke , shia labouf , Natalie Portman , Bradley Cooper and other . they all give stand out performance in one way or another . <br /> <br /> that be not to mention that there be a who be who of director interweave story in clever and interesting way . Brett Rattner , Shaka Kapur , Natalie Portman , I mean - wow ! this movie be not a straight ahead romance or romantic comedy even though it be both romantic and funny . it also have serious story and note . but that be good in my opinion . go see it for yourself and reply to my review , I want to hear what other have to say .
bill as Takashi Miike 's `` first family film '' - by people who have not see Zebraman , presumably . YOKAI DAISENSO take thing even further in the direction of family-friendliness , dilute the darkness and cynicism to create a grand fantasy fairy tale . a young boy be choose by fate to save the world from monster and horror of which they remain largely unaware . the film be evidently bigger budget than anything else Miike have do , with lot of cgus to create fantasy world populate by odd creature -lrb- the yokaus -rrb- . perhaps the lack of extreme content be a consequence of more nervous investor , but I think it be probably just that he want to do something different . he be really never be a one-trick pony , but often get accuse of it - perhaps YOKAI be design to silence those critic . regardless , it be a great project for Miike to channel he boundless imagination and invention into . <br /> <br /> there be a very cartoonish feel to the production , evoke thought of Miyazaki in place . the Yokai be base on a old series of comic that be in turn base on japanese folk tale , which certainly influence Miyazaki as well -lrb- particularly spirited away -rrb- . it must remember that Miike have nothing like the budget of a Harry Potter film to work with , so the special effect be not go to be seamless Hollywood style work - some blue-screening be especially obvious . some of the special effect be great though , with some very well animated creature -lrb- a mix of cg , stop-motion and puppetry -rrb- . I think the little sock-puppet that follow the hero around for much of the film be * mean * to look really cheap , and be all the cuter for it :-rrb- the young lad who play the hero of the film do a really good job - it be so hard to find a pre-teen who actually understand the concept of act , but 9 year old Ryunosuke Kamiki be a genuine talent -lrb- I see he do voice in the last 2 Miyazaki film ! -rrb- . Chiaki Kuriyama be delicious as the villainess of the piece , though Mai Takahashi make a even greater impression as the pixie-eared river Princess - yum yum ! those look for another violent , perverted gangster film be not go to find what they be look for in YOKAI , but if you be a fan of Miike because of he imagination and wit , there be plenty to satisfy here . and it have the add bonus that you can happily put it on whatever company you have get :-rrb-_NN
this movie be awful and a insult to the viewer . stupid script , bad casting , endless boredom . <br /> <br /> in the usual tradition of Hollywood , the government of the US be show as always evil . the communist-sympathizer nitwit in Hollywood , most of whom be as dumb as a box of rock , love take the lone nutcase Eugene McCarthy and picture he as the leader of a vast movement . the truth be that at the time he be consider a fringe character who be exploit a legitimate concern about the soviet Communists for political gain . <br /> <br /> oh yeah , and the US bring over all those evil Nazis . like Werner VonBraun , without whom we would have no space program . he actually love be american and become a great asset to the country . <br /> <br /> and yet the irony be that the fool in Hollywood , a uneducated lot who live a fantasy existence , still believe that the government should run EVERYTHING and give we all what we want . and yet , this be the same government that they continually portray as a consummate evil in film like this .
second movie in the boxset . originally title bloodsucker , this movie be pretty average . it be kinda boring in some part but there be some good gore effect , but they be not great though . <br /> <br /> the movie take place in the year 2210 . vampire have pretty much take over the whole world . the v-san -lrb- Vampire Sanitation -rrb- Squad , which also have they own spaceship and be lead by Churchill , who be capture by the vampire , receive a message from a Earth and the team , form by Quintana -lrb- play by the very hot Natassia Malthe -rrb- , the rookie officer Damian and the rebel Rosa and Roman -lrb- Roman be play by Aaron Pearl from wrongfully Accused . -rrb- v-san later meet up with the leader of the vampire Muco , play by Michael Ironside from Total recall . he have no plan of live peacefully with human , as he be bent on world domination . <br /> <br /> while this movie be not a waste of time , I doubt I 'll be put back in the dvd player anytime soon .
this be one of the best movie to come from Bollywood in year . certainly the best this year until now . indian to the core , the panoramic visual , the heart-pleasing dialog and the melodious and soft music make the movie a exceptional one . the apt depiction of Indianvalues and culture make the viewer search for his/her root in they and invigorate the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new lease on life . <br /> <br /> this movie be for viewer who enjoy a call to they imagination and philosophical sens . if you like watch movie to get all you nerve excite through on-screen action , sex or terror , then this movie be not for you , because you will find that the movie be not full of 90 degree twist in it . it be as simple a story for a movie as it can get . but that be exactly where the art of the movie lie . one get a real life experience , and the best thing be , this experience be one full of value and hope . it be about the positive side of life , about the sweet thing that God have shower on human , as against the regressive movie that insist on show don , terrorist and underworld . this be not about thing and people that have go bad . it be about the goodness that still persist , and that keep the world run . of course , every genre of movie be respectable but it take a lot of courage and talent to come up with a movie that swim against the current and try to open the eye of the public to the hidden reality and truth . <br /> <br /> have say that , here be more ... <br /> <br /> the movie be the journey of a couple from they engagement to they arrange marriage - yes , that be right , it be a arrange marriage and the couple come to know each other only through they parent , and learn to love each other . the 6 month gap between engagement and marriage be a long time , not full of `` entice '' happening , but one that nurture the grow love and devotion of the couple to each other . they learn together the importance of they relationship and of this invaluable period of they life , and work to strengthen the bond of marriage . but have these be strengthen enough ? they relationship will face the test of not only time but also fortune . will they pass this test ? that be what `` Vivah '' be about .
I see this jolly little film at age 10/11 in 1979 when it be broadcast on CBS . I do not know it have be in a theater at all . to rate it from a kid point of view I would give it 4 out of 5 star , because be a young boy at the time , it seem a little `` girlish '' . <br /> <br /> the climactic scene where Gazooks tickle the daylight out of everyone be a bit disturbing at the time but you outgrow that sort of thing . <br /> <br /> when I re-discover it a Blockbuster Video in 1995 , I have to revisit it ! I still like it despite the fact that it look a bit `` old '' . I do not know where the other reviewer on here get the idea that it be not on VHS . <br /> <br /> it be out there . Might even be on dvd by now , at least I hope it be . I want to share it with my kid someday ! 10 star on here , it be still a great kid film . -lrb- end -rrb- <br /> <br /> 09/08/2009 : finally find a VHS copy !! woo-hoo !
I be quite the Mitchell Leisen fan so it be a great anticipation that I rent this movie but the print I get be extremely bad , so wear down from use and scorch seemingly beyond repair , the movie be so dark . so dark that in certain scene that be cinematograph in the dark , you can not see a single thing . that say , I believe I share the same opinion as the first review of this movie . it start out unusually and do not tote the line and rhythm of you typical Hollywood 30 's movie . heck , not even you typical Hollywod movie of any era . it seem the director have be influence by the Europeans because there be a certain caustic realism to the proceedings from the opening shot which be so craft in camera movement and placement as Maggie -lrb- Carole Lombard -rrb- and skid -lrb- Fred Macmurray -rrb- meet . you half expect they to start singing `` Make believe '' from Show boat.it start with a few laugh and poor Anthony in a one scene role where he speak not a word of English get slap around by Freddie . skid be a bum who do not care that he be a bum . that be why he sign up in the army where he can hide from the world . he be just be release though and in a set of screenplay shenanigan , she miss she boat for New York . this be when the movie kick into high gear and we begin to get those french movie of the sixty vibes to the whole proceedings . the scene be so well act by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham , the movie gain a pulse . MacMurray be good too as he and Lombard fall for each other as she nurture he talent for the trumpet . then the temptress arrive in the form of Dorothy Lamour . Enough with plot . the movie have fantastic montage sequence that dazzle I . they be very good . and Lombard score a home run in this movie but in the second half , a bit more be call of Freddie and he fail to deliver the goods . with a heavily melodramatic end and a actor you do not believe , the movie fall short but since it be not you typical movie in structure , set design , and direction . it be worth a look . for what be what it be one of the 37 hit of the 1936-37 season . I do not know its exact rank though .
the animation look like it be do in 30 seconds , and look more like caricature rather than character . I have be a fan of Scooby Doo ever since the series premiere in 1969 . I do not think much of the Scooby Doo animated movie , -lrb- I be talk about the tv series , not the full length movie . -rrb- , but some of they be pretty cool , and I like most people find Scrappy Doo to be a irritant , but this series be pure garbage . as soon as I see the animation , and hear the character , -lrb- and I use that term loosely -rrb- speak , I cringe . also , Mystery Inc. , be a team , and without the entire crew to compliment each other , it just seem like open up a box of chocolate to find someone have already eat the best one , and the only thing leave be the one nobody want . what be New Scooby Doo be better than this . if you be go to have a Scooby Doo tv series , include the element that make the series endure so long . the entire cast of character , and quality animation . they need to put this one back under the rock from where it come .
dissapointing action movie with a interesting premise : a young Mafia would-to-be killer -lrb- Chandler -rrb- must demonstrate to he boss that he be a good man for the service so he go to California to take some lesson with a very known professional killer -lrb- beluschus -rrb- . First and most important task : to kill a young woman -lrb- Lee -rrb- that be a completely strange for all of they . but be she a easy target ? the movie go on and on base upon this principal idea but the result be just bad routine ; even the weird twist at the end do not save the movie . good performance by Chandler . I give this a 4 -lrb- four -rrb- .
watchable little semi-soaper , but hardly captivating . still , two or three funny moment . what amaze I be how slippery and morally highly questionable McNicol be . she play a invalid -lrb- a leg problem -rrb- , yet she not only be not the `` ugly duckling '' whom man shun , but she be even a man-eater - and we be suppose to feel for she ! oh , poor little McNicol , with she leg problem ... Poor little McNicol ??! she be constantly get pass from man , and even dump they without so much as blinking ! at one occasion she even have a premeditated one-night affair with a blond stud , and then she tell she newly-found french girlfriend quite non-chalantly that it take he time to get a erection ! make we viewer wonder why she be so leg-conscious if every guy want to hump she . well , almost every guy ; the only guy who really shun she after see she leg wrap up in metal be the guy work on the telephone . but otherwise she seem to be do just fine with man ! no shyness , no lack of success with man , and she throw they away like toy ; the way she dump Carradine be ridiculous . Poor little invalid girl ?? I do not think so . and yet we be mean to believe that this woman have a major confidence problem ; hence the scene in which she prepare to start play the flute for a solo concert and somehow manage to throw the note on the ground out of nervousness . nervousness ?? the rest of the movie show little or nothing that would suggest that she have confidence problem , so this flute scene be absurd and do not fit into the bigger picture . I be also surprised how quickly and eagerly McNicol make friend with a french woman who be screw a married guy . on the surface the movie would appear to be a `` sentimental story of one cripple woman 's struggle for acceptance '' -lrb- or something like that -rrb- but it be nothing like that at all ; the writer clearly shift between this type of movie and a `` screw anything that move - it be the 80s '' kind of movie - very confusing . <br /> <br /> as far as she leg : it be not like she have a big , fat purple balloon grow on she calf muscle . she `` only '' have a normal-looking metal prosthetic attach to the lower part of she leg , so I really do not understand why the maker of the film try to make it seem as if she be a female Quasimodo or something , at the beginning of the film . it be not like she have a twin head grow out of she neck ! though McNicol be hardly a major catch . Kind of cutish but nothing special , quite average . <br /> <br /> but what the hell be Carradine do play some kind of a -lrb- relatively -rrb- smooth guy flirt with McNicol and she pal ?! this guy be in `` revenge of the nerd '' ! but I guess it be the same thing with the carradine in the movie as it be with the Kennedys in politics : no matter how ugly , unable , or dumb , all the door be open for a career in movie and politics , respectively . <br /> <br /> down with nepotism . <br /> <br /> if you want to read bogus biography about the Carradines , and other Hollywood nepotist and moron , contact I by e-mail .
Maria Braun get marry right in the middle of combat all around she and she husband Hermann . a explosion rip through the building , to begin with , and she and Hermann have to sign the papers on a pile of rubble on the street . perhaps this may strike some as a heavy-handed metaphor for what be about to come : marriage on the rock , so to speak . it be a betrothal where the husband go off to war and be hold in a russian prison camp , unbenownst to the helpless but hopeful and proud Maria , who keep standing by the depressing rubble of the train station as some come home , other do not , with a sign await Hermann . <br /> <br /> trouble arise , as happen in Rainer Werner Fassbinder 's melodrama , and as its one of he best and most provocative , we see as Maria -lrb- uncommonly gorgeous Hanna Schygulla in this role -rrb- will do a two-face : she 'll stand by she man , even if it mean work at a bar for american gi 's and , even still after she hear from a fellow soldier that Hermann have die will still stand by he as she sleep with a black gi and come close to bear he child -lrb- that be , naturally , until he reappear and a murder occur and he take the rap so she can be safe -rrb- , or work for a german businessman -lrb- effectively sympathetic Ivan Desny -rrb- and become he sometimes mistress and rise star in the company . Maria will do whatever it take to be successful , but she 'll always be marry . <br /> <br /> it be hard to say there be anything about Maria that be not fascinating . money , sex , power , all of these become interchangeable for Maria . she be like the feminist that have she cake and eat it with a sultry smile : she get to have a husband , more or less -lrb- actually a lot less until the last ten minute of the film -rrb- while obtain thing - a man who dote on she whenever he can , a new and expensive house with servant , a secretary , money - that other around she be not get due to already be with a man or too weak in a position to rise anywhere -lrb- such as the secretary , play interestingly enough by Fassbinder 's own mother -rrb- . <br /> <br /> Maria be sexy , confident , and all alone , with a idealized life go against a life that should be make in the shade . she say of the two man - the american soldier and poor old and sick Oswald - that she be fond of they , and at the same time will stick by those rose the confused and soul-searching husband Hermann send from Canada , after be release from prison . she be cast a profile that a feminist would love to trounce , but understand where she be come from and go all the way . <br /> <br /> Fassbinder employ this inherent contradiction , and moment with Maria appear to go against the convention of a melodrama -lrb- for example , Hermann walk in on the jubilant and half-naked Maria and GI be just about a masterpiece of a scene , with Maria 's reaction not of surprise or guilt but pure happiness to see that he be there let alone alive -rrb- , while stick to he gun as a director of such high-minded technique with a storyline that should be predictable . but it be not really . it be like one big metaphor for a country that , after the war , could not really move on to normalcy . a few time Fassbinder put sound of the radio on in the background , and we see Maria walk around she family house , hustle and bustle go on around she , and the radio speak of a divide Germany , of thing still very unsettled , of a disarray . maybe the only way to cope be excess , or maybe that be just my interpretation of it . <br /> <br /> it be hard to tell , really , under Schygulla 's stare face and eye , anyway . it be such a incredible performance , really , one of those showstopper that capture the glamor and allure of a old-time Hollywood female star while with the down-and-dirty ethic of a girl of the street . most tell be the oppose costume one see in one scene when she finally be with she husband , where she star in one of those super-lustful black lingerie piece and high heel , and then move on to a dress without even think about it . that be almost the essence of what Maria be , and Schygulla wonderfully get it down , a headstrong but somehow loving figure who be adore and perplex by the man around she , sometimes in a single sentence . this be what Fassbinder capture in he wonderful first part of he `` trilogy '' ; while I might overall prefer Veronika Voss as a masterpiece , Maria Braun be perhaps just as good as a character study , of what make a woman tick and tock with -lrb- almost -rrb- nothing to lose .
the cast although nothing special , all do a ok job , the story seem like a good idea , the script be bearable and the end have quite a good twist ; so what be wrong with it ? <br /> <br /> for a start the special effect be really bad -lrb- if this be make in the 60 's -rrb- it might look ok but in 2003 there be just no excuse for visual as poor as this . it make I laugh that the dvd cover claim very proudly ` from the special effect creator of Jeepers Creepers ' . <br /> <br /> secondly the direction be weak , this film just do not capture the essence of the story , a doctor feed the hospital inmate soul to the Devil -lrb- or demon type creature -rrb- should be tense or frightening ; it simply be not . <br /> <br /> all in all this be a pretty poor film , and although bearable and at time mildly entertaining , it be still probably best leave alone . <br /> <br /> a rather sad 4/10
New York I Love you be full of love and power . not for everybody , however , but be a beautiful movie . <br /> <br /> it have the likes of shia labeouf -lrb- see in Transformers , Disturbia , Charlies Angels , I robot , Indiana Jones , and many more -rrb- , Maggie Q , Kevin Bacon , Blake Lively , Natalie Portman , and many more . with a star-studded cast , this movie be without a doubt , brilliant . <br /> <br /> from many top-notch director around the world , it do not fail to impress . the diversity from one story to another be creative and unique . <br /> <br /> it be safe to say that New York I Love you be a popcorn movie , and should be watch on a BIG tv ! this time , trust the IMDb rating , because it be a excellent film . <br /> <br /> eagerly wait Shanghai I Love you in 2010 . <br /> <br /> watch NY ILY , you will not be disappoint .
this be a good film with a powerful message of love and redemption . I love the transformation of the brother and the repercussion of the horrible disease on the family . well-acted and well-directed . if there be any flaw , I would have to say that the story show the typical suburban family and they difficulty again . what about all people of all cultural background ? I would love to see a movie where all of these culture be show - like in real life . nevertheless , the film soar in term of its value and its understanding of the how a disease can bring someone closer to he or she maker . love the film and it bring tear to my eye
although recognize as the best film treatment of the difficulty of have a house in the country build -lrb- or buy -rrb- to you specification , it be not the first , nor the last . in 1940 Jack Benny and Ann Sheridan be the lead in the film version of the comedy GEORGE WASHINGTON sleep here by George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart . and about fifteen year ago Shelly Long and Tom Hanks have the lead in the money pit . the former be about move into a 18th Century country house that ... err , need work . the latter be about build you dream house - in the late 1980 . although the two film have they moment , both be not as good as BLANDINGS , which be base on a autobiographical novel of the same name . <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings and he wife Muriel -lrb- Cary Grant and Myrna Loy -rrb- be notice the tight corner of they apartment , which they share with they two daughter Joan and Betsy -lrb- Sharyn Moffett and Connie Marshall -rrb- . although Blandings have a good income as a advertising executive -lrb- in 1948 he be make $ 15,000.00 a year , which be like make $ 90,000.00 today -rrb- , and live in a luxury apartment - which in the New York City of that day he rent ! - he feel they should seek something better . he and Muriel take a drive into the country -lrb- Connecticut -rrb- and soon find a old ruin that both imagine can be fix up as that dream house they want . <br /> <br /> and they both fall into the financial worm hole that buy land and construction can lead to . for one thing , they be so gung ho about the idea of build a home like this they fail to heed warning after warn by they wise , if cynical friend and lawyer Bill Cole -lrb- Melvin Douglas , in a nicely sardonic role -rrb- . for example , Jim buy land from a Connecticut dealer -lrb- Ian Wolfe , suck he chop quietly -rrb- , with a check before double check the correct cost for the land in that part of Connecticut . Bill point out he be pay about five or six thousand dollar more for the land than it be worth . there be problem about water supply that both Blandings just never think about , such as hard and soft water - which lead to the zi - Zis Water soften machine . they find that the design they have in mind , and have work out with they architect -lrb- Reginald Denny -rrb- , can not be drop cheaply at a spur of the moment decision by Muriel to build a little rookery that nobody plan for . <br /> <br /> the escalate cost of the project be one matter that bedevil Jim . he have be appoint to handle the `` wham '' account -lrb- `` Spam '' have become a popular result of World War II , in that the public start use it as a meat substitute , in the light of it be success with the armed force -rrb- . Jim can not get a grip on this -lrb- he be not alone - one or two other executive fumble it before he -rrb- . he come up with the follow bit of `` poetry '' -lrb- ? -rrb- : <br /> <br /> `` this little piggy go to market , <br /> <br /> he be pink and as pretty as ham . <br /> <br /> he smile in he track , <br /> <br /> as they give he the ax - <br /> <br /> he know he would end up as `` wham '' ! '' <br /> <br /> he Secretary look at he as though he need a straight jacket when he read that one ! <br /> <br /> Jim also be increasingly suspicious of the attention of Bill to Muriel , although -lrb- in this case -rrb- bill be blameless . but he be always around -lrb- Jim keep forget that Bill be the clearheaded one , and that he be keep Jim and Muriel from make so many mistake -rrb- . all three have mishap , the best be when they get lock in a room in the half construct house , just as the man have leave for the day . they can not open the door , and Jim -lrb- in a panic -rrb- try break the door down by a make-shift batter ram . he break a window , and the door open by itself . <br /> <br /> the film work quite satisfactorily , with all of the actor apparently enjoy themselves . it be one film which -lrb- despite change price level and salary level -rrb- really do not age at all . after all , most Americans dream of own they own home and always have . <br /> <br /> a number of year ago a paint company make use of a delightful scene with Myrna Loy and Emory Parnell regard the paint job Parnell 's company have to do on the various room . she carefully show the distinct shades of red , blue , etc. she want - even give a polite Parnell a single thread for the right shade of blue . the commercial hint that the paint company have a wide variety of color to choose from for you paint job . they proudly call Loy `` Mrs. Blandings '' in the commercial ' introduction . you can imagine though how the no-nonsense Parnell handle the situation afterward , when Loy leave he with he paint crew .
Astaire and Rogers at the height of they popularity . in 1936 Americans think of the Navy as a place for song and dance . WWII be still a few year away . Fred and Ginger dance up the town . <br /> <br /> the plot be decent , but who care ... by the way , notice the cameo role for Betty Grable and a glamorous Lucile Ball . <br /> <br /> a load of Irving Berlin song , include the famous `` let 's Face the Music and Dance '' . in that scene , Ginger 's heavy swoop dress smack Fred in the face during one of she spin and almost knock he unconscious . Fred insist on keep the take as the dancing be superb nonetheless . <br /> <br /> ginger once comment that she be a better dancer than Fred , since she have to do all the same move , in step , and backwards ... <br /> <br /> come to think of it , Fred 's voice be nice too . the man be effortless in motion . <br /> <br /> here be a movie to cozy up on the couch with a loved-one , kick off the shoe , and enjoy the entertainment .
several year ago the Navy keep a study distance away from the making of `` man of honor , '' a film base on the experience of the service 's first black master chief diver 's struggle to overcome virulent racism . ever eager to support film show we Navy 's best side the U.S.S. Nimitz and two helicopter assault carrier , with support shore installation , be provide to complement this engrossing tale of a young sailor 's battle with uncontrollable rage . some of the movie be shoot aboard the U.S.S. Belleau Wood . <br /> <br /> Antwone Fisher write the script for Denzel Washington 's director 's debut in which he star as a Navy psychiatrist treat Fisher , play effectively and deeply by Derek Luke . <br /> <br /> Fisher be a obviously bright enlist man assign to the U.S.S. Belleau Wood -lrb- lha-3 -rrb- , a front line helicopter assault platform . Fisher can not seem to avoid launch he own assault at minimal provocation from he fellow enlist man . send to the M.D. as part of a possible pre-separation proceeding , Fisher slowly open up to the black psychiatrist , reveal a awful childhood of great neglect and shudder brutality . <br /> <br /> the story develop as Fisher cautiously but increasingly trust he doctor and get the courage to pursue a love interest , a enlist sailor name Cheryl , play by a stunningly beautiful Joy Bryant . <br /> <br /> Fisher reluctantly engage with the doctor by ask long simmer question but soon realize he must seek the answer , however painful , in order to grow and move away from conflict-seeking destructive behavior . <br /> <br /> while all the main character be black , this story transcend race while unflinchingly show the evil of exuberant religiosity and concomitant hypocrisy in foster family setting . Viola Davis , a versatile actress see in a number of recent film , be a picture of sullen immorality but be nothing compare to foster mom , Mrs. Tate -lrb- Novella Nelson -rrb- , who in short but searing scene would earn - if it exist - the Oscar for gut-churning brutality . <br /> <br /> film about patient-therapist interaction follow a certain predictability -lrb- all that transference and counter-transference stuff -rrb- but the earnestness of Fisher and he doctor/mentor be realistically grip . it be a good story , well tell . period . <br /> <br /> while set in the Navy , `` Antwone Fisher '' be not in any real sense a service story as be `` man of honor , '' a excellent movie that deal with crush racism direct against a real person . nor be it truly a film about black . it be about survive terrible childhood experience and , as Fisher say , be able to proclaim in adulthood that the victim be still `` stand tall . '' the persecutor shrink in size and significance as a brave and strong young man claim he right to a decent life with the aid of a caring doctor . <br /> <br /> my only quibble be that Washington be a lieutenant commander but be address as commander . with all the Navy support people list in the end credit , someone should have tell director Washington that he character , like all naval officer below the rank of commander , be address as `` Mister . '' not a big criticism , be it ? :-rrb- <br /> <br /> I do not know why this film be play in so few theater . it deserve wide distribution . Derek Luke may well get a Oscar nomination . <br /> <br /> 8/10 . <br /> <br />
`` Bruce Almighty '' look and sound incredibly stupid , especially from the trailer . nevertheless , I find in it a deeper message that actually make I like this film more . Bruce -lrb- Jim Carrey -rrb- be angry at God and be give divine power by he to be God for a week to see if he can do a better job . Morgan Freeman play a man symbolize here as God , and though it be not he usual type of film or one of he best role , he do excellent with what he be give to work with . although crude at time , the film do have quite a few laugh , from Bruce parting he soup in half like the Red Sea and the customer ' reaction to he , as well as Freeman 's seemingly laid-back and wisecracking image of God . it be overly exaggerated at time , and there be some crude humor , but overall it manage to be somewhat funny . there be a decent support cast , such as Jennifer Aniston , Lisa Ann Walter , and Steve Carrell , which always help . the end of the film prove to be very romantic and tear-jerking , and the message be clear , that we should do what God have call we to do and `` be the miracle . '' the film be far from perfect , but still enjoyable , and far better than i and many people probably would have expect , especially if we see the deeper message of the film . <br /> <br /> *** out of ****
definitely one of the most witty and twisted who-dunnit I ever see . Christopher Reeve and Micheal Caine be brilliant and keep I go through the whole affair . <br /> <br /> very classy set piece and the prop really lend a sense of atmosphere to the proceedings . the minimalist feel work for the whole picture . <br /> <br /> my only complain be not with the film itself but the lack of a decent widescreen edition of the movie on dvd . I own the fullscreen version -lrb- which prove I love the film enough to endure fullscreen presentation -rrb- but a awesome Deluxe or ` special ' edition would most surely get my cash .
I do not feel as if I would be rape like I do with the enchanted CHRISTMAS , but BELLE 's magical world be still the antithesis of beauty and the beast . like CHRISTMAS , BMW hate its audience , although not to such a extreme degree . it be ugly , uncanonical , idiotic , and the writing be horrifically bad.none of the story work . these be not the character we love from batb at all , they be a bunch of pod people . I want to dissect it , but after a few minute , I give up , because no one in they right mind would take this claptrap seriously . what we have here be three story . `` the Perfect word '' be a overbearing , ponderous study of forgiveness . `` Fifi 's folly '' only work if you can accept that Babette 's name be actually Fifi and that she be a closet James Bond villainess and that Lumiere be a idiot concern woman . `` Broken Wing '' -lrb- or `` Broken wind '' as I like to call it -rrb- be probably the most heinous of the bunch . beast hate bird ? since when ? do not watch this crap - every copy of this video deserve to be cremate . beauty and the beast be still a cinematic classic , a transcendent celebration of love , art , intelligence and the human soul .
I watch this movie as a preview of a Matthew Barney art exhibit . it certainly prepare I . I almost skip the exhibit and , in retrospect , probably should have . <br /> <br /> aside from the score be great -lrb- bjork -rrb- and the photography rich and colorful , the content be mostly tedious and predictable . gee , I really need to see someone wear pearl to figure out what the pearl-diver be up to . the film be mostly a silly mixture of japanese cultural reference and industrial shot of modern whaling technology be use in a mock-hunt/harvest . the film `` peak '' with enough gratuitous shock-art to turn you stomach . <br /> <br /> what be the point of the movie ? while other might argue that it be a anti-whaling piece , one could equally argue that it somehow also justify whaling . personally I think it be Barney 's attempt at `` flash '' the audience with he anal , fecal , self-mutilation , and cannibalistic fetish . <br /> <br /> bottom line : unless you really get off on Barney 's sense of art , do not bother see this movie . the message be obscure , the pace slow , and the cultural reference pretentious . if you be after shock-art , you 'll do better at one of the many `` undead '' movie or hunting down a old copy of Hustler and take in a fecal-cartoon .
the flock be unjustly malign as a lesser `` se7en '' ripoff . there be really no reason to compare the two , except maybe for the similar scenery in the final showdown . <br /> <br /> now that that be out of the way I 'll go into why the flock be very interesting in some respects . mostly it be a drama piece rather than a full blow thriller about a very vigilant social worker who monitor sexual offender . at the very begin you can clearly see he work have get the better of he . evident in two scene where first he be interview a offender and slap he around and second when a woman try to pick he up and all he can think of be he standard question from he questionnaire . <br /> <br /> Gere be very good as Errol Babbage , the aforementioned social worker . he way of perform he job be not unlike that of a police officer , he carry a gun and be constantly check newspaper and supplies law official with information if some of he `` flock '' may be responsible for a sexual crime . he be also a person who be lose all happiness of living and he only relief seem to come from exact he own vigilante justice on he flock . twice you see he smile , once when he be apologize for treat he partner rudely and the other after he be beat up a member of he flock . <br /> <br /> as a suspense flick , the flock be not as successful . somewhat confusing and with some irritating plot hole but it do have a number of striking set piece . <br /> <br /> overall the flock be a solid drama about a man perform a dehumanizing job and in the end he have to work hard to keep from be swallow by the abyss he be surround himself in . the world we live in be a pretty sick place and the further one can distance himself from the worst the happier that person be . the flock get that point across nicely .
a hit at the time but now better categorise as a australian cult film . the humour be broad , unsubtle and , in the final scene where a BBC studio fire be extinguish by urinate on it , crude . contain just about every cliche about the traditional australian pilgrimage to ` the old country ' , and every cliche about those rapacious , stick up , whinging , Tory Brits . would be acceptable to the british because of its strong cast of well know actor , and to Australians of that generation , who can ` get ' the humour . Americans -- forget it . the language and joke be in the australian dialect of English and as such will be unintelligible .
oh WOW . I see this film at the Irish International Film Fleadh in Manhattan on 12 March 2000 . both star be in attendance and be available for question afterward . what a gorgeous film ! although set in Ireland amid catholic/protestant antagonism , the story could have happen anywhere between any two group of people who hate each other . the horror of how quickly people can get carry away when they be give a chance to vent they hate and anger be weave beautifully with a move love story drizzle with humor and fun . if this one do not get pick up in the USA , it would truly be most unfortunate . <br /> <br /> as for the star and support player ... FIRST RATE . they call Orla Brady the irish Meryl Streep , I hear . it be my opinion that she be better than Meryl Streep . they should be call Meryl the American Orla Brady ! and , Liam Cunningham 's steady and powerful portrayal of a simple and private man suck into a political war be brilliant . <br /> <br /> see this movie .
Celia Johnson be good as the nurse . Michael Hordern be good as Capulet , though it be he usual neighing and whinnying and not a patch on he King Lear . John O'Conor read the verse well as Friar Laurence though he never take it anywhere . Alan Rickman be good as Tybalt , in the first of he `` yuk '' role that would make he famous . Christopher Strauli 's Benvolio be sympathetic . <br /> <br /> the set be pretty , if not stunning as in some of the other BBC Shakespeare 's . <br /> <br /> and that be it . the rest be weak to dreadful . Rebecca Saire turn 15 during production , and have not a clue about how to act Juliet - she open she eye real wide and whine every line in exactly the same way . Patrick Ryecart be poorly match to she , and he self-regard be inexplicable . the Balcony scene flow smoothly and uneventfully with zero emotional or erotic impact . they death come as a relief . if I have a dagger , I would have offer it to they hour earlier . <br /> <br /> Anthony Andrews be unspeakable as Mercutio , a great shock if you remember he fine work in `` Brideshead Revisited . '' he break the mirror of Shakespeare 's verse into a thousand shard of two or three word each , and then shout the fragment in as disconnect and unintelligible manner as possible . in this production , Queen Mab abdicate . awful . <br /> <br /> the director , Alvin Rakoff , show only a intermittent gift of put the camera where it will show we what we want to see . the opening brawl be notably incoherent . however there be humor when in a later fight , Romeo apparently knee Tybalt right in the cobbler . Tybalt then grab the offended region . however do that get through ? <br /> <br /> r&j be a long play . this version be not recommend for classroom use , or much else .
the ghost train be a treat to those who appreciate the typical 1940 's humour . it incorporate World War two into the plot but not as much as I initially believe it would , and the character be a unique blend who play they role fairly well . Askey , play the role of Tommy Gander , be what brighten the story up for the part which could of be portray as boring or `` drag '' . <br /> <br /> the story of the haunt station be actually spooky even for present day standard . it be unique and the way the character communicate with each be fantastic to liven up the mystery which be the ghost train . gander be basically a nuisance to all the other member while the rest get along fairly well . he be always centre of attention and can be dub as be `` annoying '' but that be by those who do not appreciate 1940 's humour . he humour be innocent and childish which make it sweet to watch . <br /> <br /> if it be not for Askey/Gander , than this film would of be shorter in action , enjoyment and the result would be not as effective in my opinion .
truly show that hype be not everything . show by and by what a crappy actor abhishek be and be only get movie because of he dad and he wife . Amitabh as always be solid . Ajay Devgan as always be shitty and useless and the new guy be a joke . the lead lady be such a waste of a actor . such pathetic movie from such a revered director and from such a big industry . with movie as such I have decrease the amount of bollywood movie I watch . <br /> <br /> rgv have be make very crappy movie for a while now . Time to get different actor . hrithek anyone ? Bollywood need Madhuri and Kajol back . every other lead lady be a half-naked wan na be . Pffffft .
while not exactly offensive , the 1967 version of `` the peril of Pauline '' be certainly moronic . the title might lead you to expect a tribute to Pearl White -lrb- the original Pauline in the 1914 silent 20 episode serial -rrb- but for that you would be better serve by the 1947 version star Betty Hutton . this 1967 version be like a mix of `` Casino Royale '' and the weakest of the Elvis movie . worst of all it be not a blend of these but more like someone scotch-tape together segment from each so that the thing skip back and forth between the two style . <br /> <br /> what unity there be in the production come from the pairing of Pamela Austin -lrb- Pauline -rrb- and Pat Boone -lrb- George Steadman -rrb- , a good match because both lack even the most basic of act skill -lrb- imagine Mandy Moore play opposite Dan Quayle -rrb- . <br /> <br /> Austin would later play opposite John Aston in `` Evil Roy Slade '' , with the talent disparity between they actually painful to watch . in the mid-60 's she be the `` Dodge Rebellion '' girl , as such she be feature in a similar series of perilous situations-imagine Sandra Dee in a dark blue jumpsuit . when the automaker 's ad agency replace she with the `` Dodge fever '' girl someone get the bright idea to showcase she in a feature film . <br /> <br /> what story there be here begin with Pauline grow up in the Baskerville Foundling Home run by the actress who play Mrs. Chatsworth Osborne Sr. on `` Dobie Gillis '' . George fall in love with she -lrb- pauline-not Mrs Osborne -rrb- and sabotage several opportunity she have to be adopt . George leave to seek he fortune and 19 year old Pauline get a job tutor a young oil rich middle Eastern prince . when he try to add the attractive blonde to he harem she run away and go from peril to peril . these include african pygmy , a 99 1/2 year-old millionaire who want to freeze she until he one year-old grandson be old enough for marriage , the movie industry , and the russian space program . <br /> <br /> all this be intend to be silly and charming but manage only the silly part . there be some effort to incorporate a silent film look to the action sequence by simulate the under - cranking of a camera -lrb- which speed up the action -rrb- . unfortunately everything else -lrb- film stock , production design , editing -rrb- be depressingly 1960 's . nothing here even approach the image of Pearl White strap to a log move toward a buzz-saw or tie to railway track wait for the approach train . <br /> <br /> then again , what do I know ? I be only a child .
my kid recently start watch the rerun of this show - both the early episode on the n , and the later one on ABC Family - and they love it . -lrb- I be not aware the show have even last past the first or second season -rrb- I be curious as to what prompt all of the cast change - I have see they describe as `` highly publicize , '' and yet a half hour search effort on the web have reveal nothing but endless comment on how the early episode be so much better than the later episode . -lrb- personally , I do not see a whole lot of difference - the script and theme remain largely the same throughout - but they do lose some great people along the way -rrb- my daughter have put the dvd on she wish list , so perhaps the land of special feature and commentary will shed some light on all of this . I also wish they would do some self-referential humor about the change - like on `` Boy meet World '' where they drop the little sister for a entire season or so , and when a different actor later show up play she , they ask she where she be be and she say `` upstairs , '' or when early series token geek `` Minkus '' show up for the high school graduation , they ask he where he be be and he say `` over there , '' point to the part of the classroom never show by the camera , before say `` hey , Mr. Turner , wait up ! '' and run off screen -lrb- Mr. turner be another character who leave -rrb- oh well - maybe there will be a e true Hollywood story on this or something ? I be just glad to see Aunt Hilda show up for the finale - she be always one of my favorite - it be too bad it could not have be a more encompass cast reunion . -lrb- the Zelda candle just do not cut it for I -rrb-
warning ! Spoilers ! <br /> <br /> this be you typical disney film . <br /> <br /> 1 . policticly correct what with the foster home that have a even divison of race . <br /> <br /> 2 . insult the viewer intellect with its simplistic line . <br /> <br /> 3 . the boy 's slezy father be almost directly take from the Never Ending Story 2 . <br /> <br /> 4 . in a world full of crime , disase , corruption , starvation and other proplem that need to be take care of , only a lose team be worthy of divine intervention.ughhhh !!! <br /> <br /> 5 . do you know that angel do not like swearing ?! where the heck do that come from ! <br /> <br /> 6 . in help the team , the angel cause pain and humilation on the oppose team.very angelic indeed ! <br /> <br /> 7 . the team the angel be help be call ... can you guess ... the angel ! Disney at its worst ! <br /> <br /> 8 . `` just get he training wing . '' brillent line ! <br /> <br /> my conculsion : I do not like it at all .
I can not believe this be on dvd . even less it be available at my local video store . <br /> <br /> some argue this be a good movie if you take in consideration it have only a 4000 $ budget . I find this funny . I would find it very bad whichever the budget . <br /> <br /> still more funny , I read the follow in another review : `` dramatics aside , if you love horror and you love something along the line of duel -lrb- 1971 -rrb- update with a little more story and some pretty girl throw in , you 'll love this movie . '' <br /> <br /> what ?!? this be a shame compare those two movie . <br /> <br /> I give a `` 1 '' , since I can not give a `` 0 '' . I just do not see any way this movie could be entertaining .
so much be wrong with this abysmal little wet fart of a movie that it be hard to know where to begin . <br /> <br /> First of all , it be a remarkably un-scary scary movie , even by amercian standard . the dialogue be cliché , the character be two-dimensional , the writing be ho-hum , and what little story there be be neither coherent nor remotely interesting . <br /> <br /> we meet the follow stereotype in order : Balding Loser Guy -lrb- probably divorce , but who know ? this movie do not tell we -rrb- with a brave heart , the Young hero -lrb- who do not do anything heroic at all -rrb- , Brave Little Kid -lrb- with a homicidal streak a mile wide -rrb- and black bad-ass bitch -lrb- with more brawn than brain -rrb- . these guy take up a ongoing fight with the Tall Scary Reaper Man and he evil Ewoks . <br /> <br /> oh , and the film be full of wicked little metal orb whoose around menacing people . give a chance , they perform impromptu brain surgery on those who doe not have the mental acuity to duck when they come at they . Booh ! actually , one of they be haunt by a good ghost -lrb- but then again , it might be a deceitful spectre -rrb- who seem intent on help we Brave Contagonists retrieve they young kidnap friend . <br /> <br /> there be no character background or even a introduction to any of the character . it start with some kind of recap of the ending of the previous movie , but this do not explain a lot . if you have see the first two movie , fine . otherwise you do not know who these people be , how they be related , why they be not in school or at work , or why you should care whether they live or die . consequently , you do not . the only point of interest become any splatter effect . and there be not enough of those to keep you awake . <br /> <br /> of potenial interest/amusement be the three Raider Punks , as stupid as they be evil , who menace we hero . but they do not get much screen time . they be off almost immediately . then they be bury -lrb- why anybody should take the time be beyond I -rrb- , then they appear again as Evil Raider Punk Zombies . only to be off again , literally within a minute . <br /> <br /> the rest of the movie mainly seem to consist of Caspar the Friendly ghost appear and disappear , drive around look for place , and Balding Loser try to score som bad black Bitch Booty , use pickup line that would embarrass a mentally retarded teenager . no dice there ; not even some gratuitous sex could have save this movie , so good thing there never be any . <br /> <br /> the head baddie , call the Tall Man , do not manage to scare anyone older than 3 year ; howl `` Booooy ! '' every five minute be not enough . why he , with he amazing telekinetic power and uncanny upper-body strength , do not simply squash we hero like bug be not explain . instead , he delegate the job to he inept retard little minion , who never manage to kill anyone before be shoot to hell . <br /> <br /> filmgoer who like masterpiece like `` Friday 13th part XXXXVIII : Jason go to college '' might find some entertainment . the rest of we , who have develop pubic hair , will be bore out of we skull .
Gundam wing be a amazing show from start to finish , every single episode be a joy to watch . the story be typical Gundam fare , in the future Earth 's population grow to the extent where we create space colony in order to expand . the story though be set in a entirely different reality than any other Gundam show . it be the year after Colony 195 and the corrupt Earth government , know as the Earth Sphere Alliance , be violently take over the free colony . to combat the Alliance control and the even greater threat that be to come -lrb- a evil militaristic organization hiding within the Alliance know as OZ , which later take control of Earth and the colony -rrb- , select member of the colony send 5 super powerful mech to Earth to try and save the colony from the threat that be to soon come . these mech , know as Gundams , fight OZ and try to regain peace in the colony as OZ take the front-stage , completely eliminate the Alliance and take control of Earth and its colony . <br /> <br /> Gundam wing as I previously state , be probably the most enjoyable Gundam series to watch in my opinion . a large part of this reason be the difference between this series and any other Gundam series before it , but also the story be far more deep and intricate than majority of the other Gundam series . Gundam Wing have more depth and emotion to it than any other Gundam show I have ever see thus far . this particular series seem to focus more on character and the relationship amongst those character than epic space battle . now do not get I wrong , this show still have many epic battle within it , and the show still maintain the epic atmosphere that other Gundam series have , but it achieve this by have the story follow a ensemble cast of 6 or 7 character as oppose to follow just 1 . <br /> <br /> no matter how you look at it this be truly one of the most unique and enjoyable Gundam series out there , and I strongly recommend it to any fan of anime , or sci-fus in general . the show sport some amazing animation and superb action , but the depth and intricacy of the story be what keep you come back for more . the character be so well draw out by the end of the show that you end up loving each and every one of they . this show be definitely one that should not be miss . <br /> <br /> a perfect 10/10 !
Jack Black 's character , Tim Dingman the `` dreamer '' in Envy , find wealth and success in the idea of a aerosol spray `` Vapoorize '' that when spray on doggie dung , make the poo disappear into thin air . <br /> <br /> for a moment I be hope that Vapoorize be a real product so that I could spray it on this `` stinker '' of a movie and make it disappear into thin air as well . <br /> <br /> although envy be not the worst movie that I have see in the past 12 month -lrb- that honor go to the cat in the hat -rrb- , it do get the honor of a close second . <br /> <br /> not funny , not sad , not anything . a real `` Stinkeroo '' !!!!! <br /> <br /> a 0.2 out of 10 !!
its too bad a lot of people do not understand this and the next episode . <br /> <br /> but do not worry ! ill explain it too you :-rrb- <br /> <br /> this episode be split in 2 part . <br /> <br /> first part be Tony 's `` dream '' in he coma . second part be what happen in real life . <br /> <br /> now what people do not understand be that Tony 's dream be more then just a dream . in this episode its about he preparation for he death . he lose he own identity and eventually even forget himself , thus he disconnect all he binding with this world . you will notice what I be say at the doctor scene , where tony say he have lose he briefcase which contain `` he life '' . they maker really do a superb job of interpret they be own thought of what happen when you die . <br /> <br /> if you understand the whole plot you will find this and the next episode a unique thing , with great spiritual meaning . <br /> <br /> like every soprano episode the act and film be superb . <br /> <br /> only thing i do not understand be what the role where of the monk . gon na re watch it till i get this . <br /> <br /> anyway this episode really touch I , and i do not think anyone else can make a better view of what happen in a almost death experience . <br /> <br /> 10/10 no doubt .
this movie be just bad . bad . bad . bad . now that I have get that out of the way , I feel better . this movie be poor from begin to end . the story be lame . the 3-d segment be really bad . Freddy be at he cartoon character worst . thank God they kill he off . and who want to see Roseanne and Tom Arnold cameo ? <br /> <br /> the only good thing in the movie be the little bit of backstory that we be give on Freddy . we see he once have a family , and we get to see he abusive , alcoholic father -lrb- Alice Cooper -rrb- . <br /> <br /> other than that , all bad . there be some quality actor in here -lrb- Lisa Zane and Yaphet Kotto -rrb- , and they do they best , but the end result be just so bad . the hour and a half I spend watch this movie be and hour and half I can not ever get back .
I thoroughly enjoy this film overall , but four thing really stand out : Sam Raimi 's perfect comic timing and performance as the camp handy -lrb- ? -rrb- man , Alan Arkin 's wonderful characterisation of the camp owner , and best of all , the cinematography . the beautiful golden tone of the exterior scene draw I into the film like a sunset at the lakeshore draw I into my own summer memory . <br /> <br /> the dialog and mood feel very natural and believable . some reviewer criticise the lack of a more `` profound '' script . to I , it be exactly that lack that make this film work . the character and they problem seem real and because of that , I care about what happen to they . <br /> <br /> the bottom line be that all the part come together to create a whole that feel right .
I be not go to lie , this be a great movie . I see it about 4 month ago at my local theatre . I see it a second time , and I be somewhat bore in the slow scene . Sid -lrb- the sloth -rrb- be not all that flattering , but Diego -lrb- a mountain lion , I think -rrb- be really good in the movie . the animation be outstanding , and the story have a touching ending . it be worth take kid 10 and under to , but teens would probably find it a tad bit boring . also , the uniqueness in the character be so interesting . like I say , it be a pretty good movie , but I would rate `` Toy Story 2 '' or `` Shrek '' higher . 8/10
Tony Goldwyn be a good actor who evidently be try he hand at direct . `` a walk on the Moon '' appear to have borrow from other , better make film . the present story take place in the late sixty at a summer resort for work class Jews not far from Woodstock . the screen treatment by Pamela Gray do not have much go for it , so it be a puzzle why Mr. Goldwyn decide to tackle this film as he first attempt at direction . <br /> <br /> the Kantrowitz family be spend some time at the resort . we see they arrive at the small bungalow that be go to be they temporary home . Marty , the father , come only for the week-end ; he work in what appear to be a family small appliance business repair television set , mostly . in a few day the first man will walk in space , so the excitement be evident . <br /> <br /> the Kantrowitz woman be leave behind . Pearl , Marty 's wife and she mother-in-law , Lilian , spend idle day in the place until the `` blouse salesman '' arrive . Pearl go browse and she find much more than a shmatte ; she get the salesman as well . it appear that Pearl and Marty have no sexual life at all . after two child , Pearl , who appear to be sexy and with a high libido be ready for some extra marital fun . <br /> <br /> that be the basic premise for the film , which become a soap opera when the young daughter , Alison , decide to play hooky and go to the Woodstock festival nearby where , horror of horror , she witness she own mom make out with the blouse salesman ! what be a girl to do ? well , stay tune for the grand finale when all the party be happily reunite by the little son 's bedside when he be sting by wasp and the salesman come to apply some home remedy , and daddy be call from the city , after know about Pearl 's betrayal with the younger stud . <br /> <br /> Poor Diane Lane , she go to make `` unfaithful '' later on , which be the upscale version of this dud . Viggo Mortensen be the salesman who cater to he lonely female customer whisper little something in they ear ! Liev Schreiber as Marty , the cuckolded husband , do not have much to do . Anna Paquin play the rebellious Alison and Tovah Feldshuh be the unhappy Nana , who would like to have stay in the city watch she soap opera instead of witness first hand one that be play in she own backyard ! <br /> <br /> watch it at you risk , or pop the dvd in the telly when you have a fun crowd at home and you really want to have a laugh , or two dish the film .
the show 's echo ` bubble ' sound effect use to put I to sleep . a very soothing show . I think I might have sleep through the part where there be danger or peril . I have also hear that some set up shot for a show on sponge diver be shoot in Tarpon Springs , Florida . I would assume Lloyd Bridges never dive there . I only remember the show in rerun and although it be never edge-of-the-seat exciting we would make up we own underwater episode in the lake at my grandmother 's house ... imagine the echo bubble sound and narrate we adventure in we head . I think ` Flipper ' have better undersea action . of course , he have the advantage of be in he natural environment .
`` Sleepwalkers '' be the first film which Stephen King have write a script for . give this , and the excellent Santo & Johnny song that they use as the theme of the movie , you would be expect a odd , and ultimately fulfil view experience . unfortunately , that be not what you would be get . the thing be , they could have probably make it a good movie . the beginning be intriguing what with it be small town spooky atmosphere . but something strange happen about 20 minute into the film . the film turn funny for no apparent reason ! from that moment on the whole atmosphere of `` Sleepwalkers '' be ruined.For those of you who have see it , who can ever forget good old Johnny scream out `` cop kabob !! '' after jab the pencil into that one cop 's ear ?!? but do not get I wrong , the humor have no redeemiing quality . I just rent it again to see if mabye I be wrong the first time around , give how original the plot sound , but I be right . man , what a waste . I can not believe they get the rights to that Santo & Johnny song . I give this a 2 .
it be funny how you life can change in a second ... to attend '' the Waterdance '' for the first time it be a unforgettable experience , the way you need to get use to a new way of life it can seem frightening , and to notice that there be other people go by a similar situation it can help you to go on . <br /> <br /> Eric Stoltz 's performance and mainly of Helen Hunt -lrb- oh man ! , Helen be the purest and graceful woman in earth ... -rrb- be wonderful , Wesley Snipes also surprise in one of you last serious role . a film simple and at the same time deep that do not get to leave we indifferent to the message that be transmit : enjoy each moment of you life ... <br /> <br /> really to a film as that the any hour be not attend !!! -lrb- sorry , it be a brazilian expression ... -rrb- .
this might be the poorest example of amateur propaganda ever make . the writer and producer should study the german film of the thirty and forty . they know how to sell . even soviet-style clunky leader as god-like father-figure be better do . disappointing . the loss of faith , regain in church at last second just in time for daddy to be `` save '' by the Hoover/God be not too bad . unfortunately , it seem rush and not nearly melodramatic enough . a few misty heavenlier shot of the angelical Hoover up in the corner of the screen-beaming and nodding - would have add a lot . the best aspect be Hoover only save the deserving family and child who have `` prove '' they worth . unfortunately , other poor homeless be portray as likable and even good - yet the Hoover-God do not help they . a better approach would have be shot of they drink spirit to show the justice of they condition . finally , bright and cheerful scene of recovery -lrb- after Hoover save the country from the depression -rrb- should have roll at the end . we could see then how Hoover-God have save not just this deserving family , but all the truly deserving . Amateurist at best .
I remember this movie when i be 13 -lrb- seem a lot of review be say the same thing AGE 13 ! -rrb- with a group of school buddy . we all want to see Billy Crystal in he first movie , and fall for the typical commercial ad tell we this be a great comedy . we suffer through about 45 minute of it , and all agree to leave the theater . it be grotesque & tasteless , and a far cry from the ability Billy Crystal have to make we laugh , we be not laugh . I stumble upon this review by accident , and decide to register just to tell the rest of the world what a rot-gut waste of film this be , now if you rent this , you deserve what you get , you have BEEN warn !!
Father and son communicate very little . in fact they speak different language . but when the son drive he father 3000 mile for he pilgrimage 's to Mecca , the conversation finally take place . they be difficult and growth be necessary on both part . <br /> <br /> this movie take we into the heart of these two traveler , and it be indeed a grand voyage for the audience as well as the two principal . the imagery throughout be impressive , especially the final scene in Mecca . it underline for I once again how much different the world can be , but also at the same time , how similar . the same be true for the father and son in this film . <br /> <br /> see this movie . tell you friend to see it . you 'll be glad you do .
true fan of film will love this authentic movie . <br /> <br /> I disagree with the troll who be rating this movie a one-star and call it unrealistic . while I do not have the background or come from the environment of the protagonist , I have spend many year work in lower income and work class neighborhood and feel the acting be very real and representative of how teenager behave . I do not know what the basis be for other ' comment that the film be `` unrealistic '' . the dialog be great . <br /> <br /> the low budget production value do not bother I a bit . I feel that the natural lighting enhance the character of the film . the focus be entirely on the story line and character development and not glitzy Hollywood prop or melodrama . <br /> <br /> I completely buy into the character 's motivation and reaction . the acting be believable and impressive for new and non-actor . <br /> <br /> if you idea of good film be Transformers or fast & furious , then skip it . if you enjoy good character drive drama , then see it . <br /> <br /> -lrb- regard the negative commenter be `` troll '' : click on they name and you will see most have no other review or only negative review . -rrb-
its one of those stereotypical mtv generation dance movie , and I do not see where all this ` its not that bad ' rubbish be come from . the acting be terrible , it follow exactly the same storyline as all the other ` dancing ' movie out there . its terrible ! the name should scream do not watch . ` how she move . ' since when can movie title ignore grammar ? at least some dance movie have half decent dance scene , these one do not even deserve a watch . I give it a 1 out of 10 , just because there be no zero . I seriously implore anyone with a IQ of over 60 not to watch this , and not to waste you money . the 1.6 / 10 should tell it all . this movie should not have even be make .
Mark Hamill should have feel mighty embarrassed with CORVETTE SUMMER ! this time , he use a new kind of `` force '' to regain the possession of he dream machine , a bright red ` Vette . it look like another sour teen-age flick the first half-hour and do a u-turn in head for the wrong direction . the writing and direct job be dreadfully do , with a few scene you can not hardly take . you be expect this to happen anyway , and you be also sniff the smell of late-70s hodgepodge . only a former newcomer like Annie Potts would easily steal the show and save this poor movie from the repo creep ! she impractical but delightful personality hold on to you interest for good , and this be the finest chance to see she in a swimsuit . Hooray for Annie ! sorry , Mark ! I guess the force be not with you this time around .
fatty drive the bus be simply the funniest , most original and entertaining piece of work i have ever have the pleasure of see . <br /> <br /> this movie be by no mean up to Hollywood standard , or even that of a straight-to-video movie fluff comedy star terry `` hulk '' hogan , in term of camera work , editing , act , budget , or anything else . <br /> <br /> what this movie doe have though , be a very original and enjoyable story , and it be obviously do by people who love make it , and the enthusiasm of the all the cast and crew really break through all its budget and act downfall . <br /> <br /> this movie prove that you do not need a huge budget or decent actor to make a great film , all you need be some original idea and some passion for what you do . <br /> <br /> simply the best movie ever . i do not care how you get it , rent it , order it , steal it , download it , just see this movie . <br /> <br /> now i just hope they make a dvd version .
Vincente Minnelli direct some of the most celebrated entertainment in cinema history ... he be among the first Hollywood director to show that a profound love of color , motion and music might produce intelligent entertainment ... <br /> <br /> ` american in Paris ' be the story of a ex-gi who remain in France after the war to study and paint ... he fall in love with a charming gamine Lise Bourvier ... they romantic love affair sparkle as brightly as the City of Lights itself ... the whole movie bring a touch of french elegance where technique , artistic style and music all come together in perfect synchronism ... <br /> <br /> the first musical sequence introduce the exciting personality of Leslie Caron in she screen debut ... she be like a diamond , a touch of class ... George Guetary describe he fiancée ambiguous grace in a montage of different dance style , sweet and shy , vivacious and modern , graceful and awesome ... the number lead to a unpretentious bistro , where Kelly and he very good friend in Paris share a gentle parody of viennese waltz ... later Kelly celebrate a popular tap dancing with a crowd of enthusiastic child singing with he ' I get Rhythm , ' and at the massive jazz nightclub Kelly spot the girl of he dream ... he be instantly hit by she sparkling sapphire blue eye , and only one clear thing be in he mind , to pull Lize onto the dance floor and sing to she : `` it be very clear , we love be here to stay . '' <br /> <br /> to the joyful ` tra-la-la , ' Kelly provide humor , wit and talent all around Oscar Levant 's room , and even on the top of he brown piano ... <br /> <br /> when he meet he pretty Cinderella along the Seine river , Kelly be sweep away by he happy meeting with Caron ... he express all he emotion with ` we Love be here to Stay . ' the piece have a definite nighttime feel as the two lover be bath in soft , blue smoky light ... they start a enchanting dance-duet juxtapose differ element ... Caron dance with she head on he shoulder , then try to run away in a fluid way ... they move backward , away from each other , then pause to rush toward each other , for a little kiss , and a warm hug ... <br /> <br /> the film 's weakest number be those that bear little relation to the story ... in one , Georges Guetary perform a entertaining stage show with showgirl in giant ornament float down to the stage ... in another , Oscar Levant imagine himself conduct a concert , and play not only a piano recital , but the other instrument as well ... he even applaud to himself as member of the audience ... <br /> <br /> the extravagant climactic super ballet of the film be quite a adventure , a breakthrough in taste , direction and design ... it be a blaze of love , fury and vividness ... it be Kelly 's major fantasy of he lost love and of he feeling about Paris as view through the huge backdrop of some of France 's most impressionist painter ... <br /> <br /> the number start at the Beaux Arts Ball after Kelly find himself separate from Lise , and begin a sketch with a black crayon ... it gather the important part of the film 's story through a constantly change location , all in the style of the painter who have influence Jerry ... the tour , richly attractive and superbly atmospheric , include the place De la Concorde Fountain , the Madeleine flower market , the Place De l'Opéra , to he Rendez-Vous at Montmartre , with the cancan dancer in a representation of Lautrec 's Moulin Rouge ... <br /> <br /> Kelly seem to defy the boundary of he physical self ... Caron seem to dominate she space and sweep you away to another time and place ... <br /> <br /> Nina Foch appear very attractive and elegant in she one-shouldered white gown ... in one of the film 's most famous line , Kelly ask she : ` that be quite a dress you almost have on . what hold it up ? '' Nina , cleverly reply , `` modesty ! '' <br /> <br /> ` a american in Paris ' garner six Oscars , include a honorary award to Gene Kelly ... the film give we a wealth of memory to take home ...
oh dear . this movie could have be sub-title `` when writer go on strike ! '' what a stinker . I have really high hope for this , mostly after read imdb review , which make I wonder about the whole imdb rating system , but that be a separate matter . I love Steve Carrell in Anchorman , Bruce Almighty , the Office , etc so I be expect great thing . to say I be disappoint be the understatement of the year . there be so many thing wrong with this movie , but I 'll confine myself to -lrb- a -rrb- the implausibility of any family behave like these people do -lrb- a mass aerobic workout ? what planet be that real life on ? -rrb- , the clunky script -lrb- a murderer of love ? please -rrb- , and the fact that the character of Dan be so unlikable , you find yourself wonder what the girl see in he to make she fall in love with he ? this movie be fill to burst with clunky dialogue , creak direction , ridiculous set-scene and it be slow , slow , slow . we would have walk out after half a hour if we would not be with my parent , who do not get out much and do not like to waste money . unlike the maker of this movie , who would have be better off throw all the cash spend make this movie into a bonfire - that would have be more entertaining . if you like movie , avoid this like the plague .
as I sit in front of the tv watch this movie , I think , `` oh , what Alfred Hitchcock , or even Brian DePalma , could have do with this ! '' chance be , you will too . it do start out intrigueing . a british park ranger living in Los Angeles -lrb- Collin Firth -rrb- marry a pretty , demure brunette woman -lrb- Lisa Zane -rrb- whom he meet in a park only a short time ago . then , one day she dissappear . the police be unable to find any documentation that she ever exist , and Firth conduct he own search . so far , so good . just as he be about to give up , he turn to he womanize best friend -lrb- Billy Zane -rrb- , and they stumble onto she former life in L.A. 's sordid underground of drug , nightclub , and ametuer filmmaking , and then to she history of mental instability . at that point , Firth 's life be in danger , and the film fall apart . none of the character from Lisa Zane 's past be remotely interesting . the film move slowly , and there be very little action . there be a subplot regard miss drug money , but it be just a throwaway . no chase , no cliffhanging sequence , and no suspense . just some dull beating and a lot of chat by bore character . one thing worth note , Lisa Zane and Billy Zane be brother and sister , but they never appear in a scene together . by the end of the movie , you be tear between wonder what might have be and try to stay awake .
I love Jack 's joke like ` the cliché be ... ' or `` over the top cliché guy , black , oily skin , kinda spooky ... '' . he be just hilarious ! Daniel 's start to catch up on he to ! good thing Jack 's not on the team anymore -lrb- in a way -rrb- or else it would have be sarcasm mania !!!! I just love all the plot -lrb- season 8 , a little less , I have to admit -rrb- , the character be great , the actor be great , I be start to pick up facial expression -lrb- and more -rrb- from Jack , Daniel and Teal ` c. . . it just all theoretically possible and exciting ... oop ! they I go again !!! sorry , I be also start to pick up trait from Carter , and all of this be drive my parent NUTZ !!!!!!! well , to conclude , I think it be good for another three season or so , especially if they keep on pack the episode with all this humor , drama , action and so forth !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a movie about deal with the problem with grow up and be true to yourself , Blue Juice be mind candy for those who like surfing and Cornwall . Sean Pertwee be the real star of this film , while the more famous Catherine Zeta Jones play he girlfriend and Ewan Mcgregor play he drug addict pal . <br /> <br /> for those who do not like surfing or Cornwall in the slightest , you 'll find that it take a long time before the movie even hint at be interesting . the beginning be slow and spend too much time on long shot of only slightly interesting landscape . plus too many main character lead to most of they be one dimensional . the plot be a interesting idea but because of the shallow character you have no idea why they act in the situation they be put in . <br /> <br /> only Ewan , Sean and Catherine 's character make this a film worth be on videotape , which be why it be only release on videotape in the US after Ewan and Catherine reach mainstream fame .
Billy Crystal co-wrote , co-produced and star in this extremely safe and comfy comedy-drama about father and son , adult irresponsibility , and grow old . Billy play a heart surgeon who have a heart attack -lrb- ha ha -rrb- which cause he to seek out he estrange father -lrb- Alan King -rrb- , a movie-extra who fancy himself a big star . the script be sub-neil Simon nonsense with one-liner galore , a flat , inexpressive direction by Henry Winkler -lrb- stick in sitcom mode -rrb- , and family-conflict at the ready . Crystal and King try they best , but King be over-eager and frequently over-the-top . JoBeth Williams have another one of she thankless role , but manage to bring she innate , down-home class to the proverbial girlfriend character . it be a comedy , I guess , but one that blink back the tear ... shamefully . ** from ****
L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / the hypothesis of the Stolen painting -lrb- 1979 -rrb- begin in the courtyard of a old , three-story parisian apartment building . inside , we meet the Collector , a elderly man who have apparently devote he life to the study of the six known exist paint of a obscure impressionist-era painter , Tonnerre . a narrator recite various epigram about art and painting , and then engage in a dialogue with the Collector , who describe the painting to we , show they to we , tell we a little bit about the painter and the scandal that bring he down , and then tell we he be go to show we something ... <br /> <br /> as he walk through a doorway , we enter another world , or world , or perhaps to stretch to the limit , other possible world . the Collector show we through he apparently limitless house , include a large yard full of tree with a hill ; within these confines be the 6 painting come to life , or half-way to life as he walk we through various tableau and describe to we the possible meaning of each painting , of the work as a whole , of a whole secret history behind the painting , the scandal , the people in the painting , the novel that may have inspire the painting . and so on , and so on . every room , every description , lead we deeper into a labyrinth , and all the while the Collector and the narrator engage in they separate monologue , very occasionally verge into dialogue , but mostly stay separate and different . <br /> <br /> I watch this a second time , so bizarre and powerful and indescribable it be , and so challenging to think or write about . if I have a guess as to what it all add up to , it would be a sly satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation . a indicator might be find in two of the most amusing and inexplicable scene be those in which the Collector pose some sexless plastic figurine -- in the second of they , he also look at photo take of the figurine that mirror the pose in the painting -- then he stride through he collection , which be now partially compose of life-size version of the figure . if we think too much about it and do not just enjoy it , it all become just faceless plastic ... <br /> <br /> whether I have come to any definite conclusion about `` L'Hypothèse du tableau volé '' , or not , I can say definitely that outside of the early -lrb- and contemporaneous -rrb- work of Peter Greenaway like `` a walk through h '' , I have rarely be so enthral by something so deep , so serious , so dense ... and at heart , so mischievous and fun .
` soapdish ' be one of the best , yet least well remembered comedy of the 1990 's . the film revolve around the various off-camera drama 's that occur behind the scene of a cheaply produce Daytime Soap Opera . the first of the film 's various impressive strength be it be fantastic a-list cast . ` soapdish ' feature some of the greatest actor and actress of it be era . <br /> <br /> the film be superbly lead by Sally Field , as the neurotic ageing actress Celeste Talbert -lrb- she famously throw a tantrum when put in a costume that make she look like `` Gloria f * CKING Swanson ! '' -rrb- . she support cast read like a who be - who of 90 's Movie Greats ! Whoopi Goldberg , Robert Downey Jr , Teri Hatcher , Kevin Kline and Kathy Najimy all elevate the film greatly . Goldberg be predictably excellent , whilst Downey Jr. 's and Hatcher 's performance hint at the comedic excellence they would later achieve . <br /> <br /> in term of write , the film be outstanding . there be a really modern edge to the script , which stray into the wonderfully bizarre on several occasion . there also several visual gag that be quite ahead of they time . in some way , the film be reminiscent of Mel Brooks at he best and frequently remind this reviewer of ` high anxiety ' -lrb- 1977 -rrb- . much of the film 's humour hinge on it be often scathing , but pretty accurate , representation of daytime television and of neurotic and pretentious actor . for example , the extra cast session feature the exploitative executive play by Carrie Fisher , be both hilarious and honest . <br /> <br /> ` Soapdish ' be , for my money , one of the very best comedy Hollywood produce during the 1990 's . it be excellent script and a-class cast make it a must-see . it be hard not to love this film after it be keep you laugh for 90 minute .
if only to avoid make this type of film in the future . this film be interesting as a experiment but tell no cogent story . <br /> <br /> one might feel virtuous for sit thru it because it touch on so many important issue but it do so without any discernable motive . the viewer come away with no new perspective -lrb- unless one come up with one while one 's mind wander , as it will invariably do during this pointless film -rrb- . <br /> <br /> one might better spend one 's time stare out a window at a tree grow . <br /> <br />
one may ask why ? the character snarl , yell , and chew the scenery without any perceptible reason except someone want to make a movie in barcelona . billie baldwin , be that the right one ? , be forgettable in the cop/estranged-husband/loving-father-of - cute-little-blond-girl role . the story seem to have be cut and paste from the scene throw away from adventure film in the last three year . ellen pompeo 's lack of charisma be a black hole that seem to suck the energy out of every scene she be in . she true act range be display when she take she blouse off as the movie careen from one limp chase scene to another . unfortunately , the directing rarely go bad enough to be camp or a parody . it be all just cliché , familiar in every respect . the director cast he own daughter as the precocious brat probably because no respectable agent would have permit a client to ruin a career by be in such a lame , contrived and uninteresting movie . the only heist here be the theft of the investor 's money and the viewer 's time .
this movie be poorly write , poorly act and very predictable . it be very low-budget and I can understand why it be never release and go straight to video . it be not even campy fun , it be just a complete disaster and I wish I could get the 1-1/2 hour back ! the color be horrible along with the plot which have hole so big in it you could drive a mac truck through they . <br /> <br /> the plot itself have the young bride do thing that she absolutely be not physically capable of do -- what a stretch ! skip this movie and watch something better in the horror genre . just about any movie come to mind that be better than this . <br /> <br /> ejames6342
c'mon guy some previous reviewer have nearly write a novel comment on this episode . it be just a old 60 's tv show ! this episode of Star Trek be notable because of the most serious babe -lrb- Yeoman Barrow 's -rrb- ever use on Star Trek and the fact that it be film in a real outdoor location . unlike the tng and Voyager series which be totally confine to sound stage . <br /> <br /> this use of a outdoor location -lrb- and babe -rrb- give proper depth and a almost film like quality to a quite ordinary episode of this now date and very familiar show . <br /> <br /> except a few notable exception i.e `` the city on the edge of forever '' , `` assignment earth '' and `` tomorrow be yesterday '' the old series of Star Trek need to be seriously moth-balled and put out of it be boring misery . half a dozen good episode from 79 be quite a poor batting average . <br /> <br /> this be typical of the boring stuff gene Roddenberry produce back then actually , contrary to popular belief where some people worship the ground he walk on , he actually make a lot of rubbish ! he do not deserve to be speak of in the same breath as Irwin Allen for example . <br /> <br /> just look at the set of the bridge of the enterprise from a modern point of view . they use wobbly plywood for the floor , cafeteria chair with plastic back and cheap cardboard above the instrument panel . you can clearly see the fold in the paper ! every expense spare or what !
in my humble opinion , this version of the great bdwy musical have only two thing go for it - Tyne Daly and the fact that there be now a film version with the original script . -lrb- ok Vanessa Williams be good to watch . -rrb- but to I that be all there be . most of the cast seem to be walk through the show - Chynna Phillips have no idea who Kim really be and no wonder people walk over Harry McAfee when it be play by George Wendt who look like he would rather be back on a bar stool in Boston . Jason Alexander be passable , but that wig have to go and I see better dancing in Bugsy Malone . as I mention , it be good to have a version of the stage script now , but I hope the young out there , who have never see a musical , DO not judge they all by this .
midnight cowboy open with a run down drive in theater with the voice-over of the main character Joe Buck -lrb- Jon Voight -rrb- singing in the shower . he be sing a cowboy song , the very thing he strive to be . Joe pick up he humdrum life living in Texas and move it to New York City with the dream of lot of woman , and even more money . he dress as the epitome of the cowboy , but in a cartoonish fashion , not even he friend take he seriously . he begin he journey on the bus to NYC and we can quickly see how diluted Joe be through he interaction with the other passenger . this be primarily a story of Joe 's realization of the harsh reality of the real world . <br /> <br /> he start off as a very naïve southerner think he can make it in NYC just on he good look . he have no other reason to think otherwise , as they prove helpful in the past ; we learn this from the many flashback he have . in the begin the flashback be film in a way that portray they as be somewhat whimsical . they be hazy and the voice sound as if they be come from a great distance , as they be , they be come out of he past . however , as Joe delve deeper and deeper into the reality of the harsh atmosphere of NYC we see more of he past , which be no longer whimsical but gritty , film in black and white with rapid editing to portray the cruel nature of the past event . this be especially see in the flashback of he and he girlfriend be assault , and she be rape . in one of these flashback we see a building be tear down brick by brick . this mirror the way in which Joe himself be fall apart ; the naiveté that he once carry be fall off of he . he and Ratso -lrb- Dustin Hoffman -rrb- be live in squalor , and barely able to get food to eat ; Joe be realize he can not live off of he look , that there be a gritty underbelly of New York that he do not envision . he subconscious mirror the way in which he real life be panning out . <br /> <br /> Ratso be also serve as a kind of mirror to Joe , but in a opposite way ; Ratso be Joe 's foil . Joe be a handsome , strong man who , for the most part , have a good outward appearance . Ratso , on the other hand , from the very first time we see he sit next to Joe in the bar we can tell he be the opposite . he be short , dark , and always coat with a sheen of sweat . he understand how the world work , that it be unforgiving , and sometimes no matter how hard you try you will fail ; just as he father do . they be live in the same world , the same apartment even , but they understand thing on a completely different level . <br /> <br /> the theme of alienation , one that be common of this era , be very apparent in this film . neither Joe nor Ratso fit into the culture surround they . Joe feel trap in Texas and move to NYC where he be still very much a outsider . Ratso , live in the cold of NYC , wish to move to sunny Florida where he think he will be able to find a good life . even though this be he ideal , in the fantasy we get from Ratso 's perspective , it be apparent that he know he will never really fit into society . in say fantasy he be turn on by the people live around he , he be yet again a outsider , alienate from society . <br /> <br /> it be not until the end that the gap between Joe and Ratso begin to narrow . Joe resort to violence ; he take on the mentality of this city in order to get money to fund a means of escape for Florida for himself and Ratso . on the journey we see Joe come out of a store not wear the cowboy clothes that he be never without in the rest of the film . he be dress as someone who look like they be head to Florida for vacation . he dress Ratso the same way ; he tire to make they fit into the new society they be enter , but it be to no avail . upon Ratso 's death on the bus , they fellow passenger once again look they upon as outsider . even in this new culture they have enter , they can not escape the alienation they have meet at every turn in this film . despite the Ratso 's death , and Joe 's continued alienation , the film end with the hope that Joe can take he new knowledge of how the world work and create a better life than he would have have as a hustler in NYC . midnight cowboy be a excellent film portray the harsh reality of society , and alienation , with stellar performance by both Voight and Hoffman .
so , Steve Irwin . you have to admire a man who be not only willing to throw himself into a river that clearly be fill with croc , snake , lizard , ton of poop from the aforementioned reptile , and mud , not only daily , but with enthusiasm . he be never able to make ME want to do it , but he manage to make he wife come close . <br /> <br /> this movie do not fall into my parallel universe of film category - the film for people who just have they tooth drill , have a migraine , or have no film experience and therefore like quiet mediocrity -lrb- currently well populate by Disney film -rrb- . it be too noisy . well , Steve be too noisy . he be just so happy all the time , and would cut right through the blasé ' teenager -lrb- I can hear it now : `` that movie be so stupid '' -rrb- or the Tylenol with codeine . I would say he enthusiasm be catch , but if it be , I would own a room full of snake , and that have not happen yet . I agree they be beauty , but I be still not go to pet they . <br /> <br /> plot be indeed predictable . bad guy be so bad , for a minute there I think I be shop at a consumer electronic superstore . but the movie be fill with animal , and Steve and Terri , which be why I watch it . that plot -lrb- if you could call it that -rrb- be really more of a reason to throw yet another croc in a truck . my expectation be low and stay that way . <br /> <br /> I be hope , though , that there would be a bit of a sequel , where Steve and Terri -lrb- have work on they act skill -rrb- have a movie with a real plot and more animal with fur . I still can not believe we will not see Steve anymore . I hope that Terri and the child continue to be involve in the Australia zoo and the discovery channel , at least . I can not imagine see a crocodile without have some member of the Irwin family tell I forcefully how wonderful that croc be . crikey !
it be always nice to see Angela Bassett get to do a role that she can really sink she tooth into . she be at time intense , funny and even sexy in she role as Lena , a `` color '' woman force to make a home on a desolate mudbank just outside of Cape Town , South Africa . Danny Glover be also good in a not entirely sympathetic role as she partner , Boesman . Willie Jonah give a finely nuanced performance as the stranger that discover Boesman and Lena 's new living area . it be not often that you get a chance to see a intelligent film deal with mature theme . although it be base on a play , the late director John Berry -lrb- who also direct Claudine -rrb- open the material up by have the film shot in the widescreen cinemascope format . he also keep thing visually interesting through the creative blocking of actor and by show we thing only mention in the play . just like Diahann Carroll in Claudine , John Berry may have direct Angela Bassett into a academy award nomination . this be definitely a film worth search for .
follow the release of cube 2 : hypercube -lrb- 2003 -rrb- , and play off the allege success of the original cube -lrb- 1998 -rrb- , Director Ernie Barbarash take the liberty of bring we the third installment in the trilogy , the prequel cube Zero . <br /> <br /> Deep in the bowels of a giant and faceless institution , time and place unknown , two low-ranking operator , Wynn -lrb- Zachary Bennett -rrb- and Dodd -lrb- David Huband -rrb- sit and observe on monitor the behavior of people that have be place in a giant network of cubic chamber , some of which be rig with death trap . tell that the people they be observe be convict felon who choose this horrific and deadly ordeal over a lethal injection , these observer have have no problem with they job until Wynn , a mathematical genius , discover that one of the prisoner , a woman name Cassandra -lrb- Stephanie Moore -rrb- never agree to be put inside the cube . suddenly it be realize that perhaps they `` job '' be not what they seem , and that they may be part of something deeply sick and twisted ... <br /> <br /> for people that have see and enjoy the original cube , this prequel will probably not be to you liking . it be not that the story do not have potential ; it be simply that the first cube film never need to be expand on . stand alone , it be a neat little psychological thriller with very interesting concept and a certainty about its own message . it be also nicely self-contained . the problem with cube Zero be that it destroy some of the mystique of the original , attempt to answer question with more question but only really result in make a mess of what never need fix . <br /> <br /> what this new film have to offer , which be question about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the banality of evil , certainly be good question to be raise , but probably should have be do so on they own merit , rather than as a continuation of a film that have no such aspiration . <br /> <br /> have say this , the other trait of the film , such as act and direction and writing , be not awful . there be a bleak , dark look to the film akin to such film noir as ` the Matrix ' and ` dark city ' , and they have certainly manage to recapture the claustrophobic feeling of the first cube . unfortunately for Barbarash , these be not enough positive quality to save it .
wow . what a terrible adaptation of a beautiful novel . here be just a few gripe . - the screenwriter eliminate two major character from the book . - plot have be grotesquely alter . - voiceover sound as if they be directly lift from write passage -lrb- which may read well but be not the same when speak , especially with Chabon 's write style -rrb- . - the acting be more wooden than a log cabin . -lrb- Esp . bechstein -rrb- - this be suppose to be set in 1983 ??? feel more like 2003 ... <br /> <br /> to be fair I could not bring myself to finish watch this movie , so it be possible that it redeem itself ... -lrb- sarcasm -rrb- . I truly hope that no one pay to see this , or at least anyone who read the book hope for something decent -lrb- a la Wonder Boys -rrb- . I like Chabon as a writer but he should be ashamed of this adaptation . <br /> <br /> no star .
there have be a political documentary , of recent vintage , call why we fight , which try to examine the infamous Military Industrial complex and its grip on this nation . it be consider both polemical and incisive in make its case against both that complex and the war fiasco we be currently involve in in Iraq . yet , a far more famous series of film , with the same name , be make during World War two , by Hollywood director Frank Capra . although consider documentary , and have win Oscars in that category , this series of seven film be really and truly mere agitprop , more in the vein of Leni Reifenstal 's Triumph of the Will , scene of which Capra recycle for he own purpose . that say , that fact do not mean it do not have vital information that subsequent generation of World War two documentary -lrb- such as the BBC 's laud the World at War -rrb- lack , nor do that mean that its value as a primary source be any the less valuable . they be skillfully make , and after recently purchase some use dvd at a discount store , I find myself with the opportunity to select a free dvd with my purchase . I choose Goodtimes dvd 's four dvd collection of the series . <br /> <br /> rarely have something free be so worth invaluable . while there be no extra on the dvd , and the sound quality of the print vary , these film provide insight into the mind of Americans two third of a century ago , when racism be overt -lrb- as in many of the classic Warner Brothers pro-war cartoon of the era -rrb- , and there be nothing wrong with blatant distortion of fact . the seven film , produce between 1942 and 1945 , be prelude to War , the Nazis strike , divide and conquer , the battle of Britain , the battle of Russia , the battle of China , and War come to America . <br /> <br /> overall , the film series be well worth watch , not only for the obvious reason , but for the subtle thing it reveal , such as the use of the plural for term like x million when refer to dollar , rather than the modern singular , or the most overused graphic in the whole series - a japanese sword pierce the center of Manchuria . yet , it also show the complexity of try to apply past standard to current war . the lesson of World War one -lrb- avoid foreign entanglement -rrb- be not applicable to World War two , whose own lesson -lrb- act early against dictatorship -rrb- have not be applicable in the three major war America have fight since : Korea , Vietnam , nor Iraq . the fact that much of this series teeter on the uncertainty of the time it be make in only underscore its historic value in today 's information-clogged time . it may not help you sort out the truth from the lie and propaganda of today , but at least you 'll realize you be not the first to be in such a tenuous position , nor will you be the last .
Lulu -lrb- Louise Brooks -rrb- work as a typist and be miss something in she life . she enter a Miss France contest against the wish of she boyfriend Andre -lrb- Georges Charlia -rrb- and she win . she set off for the Miss Europe title leave she boyfriend behind . she win again but return home to Andre because he have ask she to . once back together , she life become mundane again so one night she write a note to he and leave to experience the fame that be wait for she as Miss Europe . Andre follow she ... <br /> <br /> this film be a silent film with a piano music-track all the way through . it be also sped-up so everything seem fast . limited dialogue have be add on afterwards and it be very phony . the cast be alright bearing in mind that it be a silent film . the best part of the film come at the end but the story go on a little too long . after watch this , I be not really sure what the big deal be over the look of Louise Brooks - she have a terrible haircut that make she face look fat . I do not need to watch it again .
I be start this review with a big giant spoiler about this film . do not read further ... here it come , avert you eye ! the main heroine , the girl who always survive in other slasher film , be murder here . there , I just save you 79 minute of you life . <br /> <br /> this be one of those cheap movie that be throw together in the middle of the slasher era of the ' 80 's . despite kill the heroine off , this be just substandard junk . <br /> <br /> both priest and college student get a bad rap here . they be picture as oversexed , sociopathic moron who have way too many internal problem to deal with what look like junior college campus life ... and the college student come off even worse . <br /> <br /> `` Splatter University '' be just gunk to put in you VCR when you have nothing better to do , although I suggest watch you head cleaner tape , that would be more entertaining . <br /> <br /> this be rate -lrb- r -rrb- for strong physical violence , gore , profanity , very brief female nudity , and sexual reference . <br /> <br />
I have no real expectation go into this movie and I be glad . even if I have expect it to be bad I would have be disappoint . <br /> <br /> where to start ? first , I think 15 % of the movie consist of stock footage of stationary scarecrow in a dark jungle-field . I get it . there be scarecrow . I think the title `` Scarecrows '' be sufficient . <br /> <br /> second , not a damn thing be ever explain regard the scarecrow and paranormal occurrence . there be too many time where I be leave go WTF ? <br /> <br /> Third , the movie take itself seriously . I be all for a b-movie with bucket of blood , scream woman , and senseless violence that be the result of a simple psychopath or ancient curse . but those movie often know they be b-movie and even flaunt it , like Dead Snow -lrb- hilarious scandanavian zombie flick -rrb- or Evil Dead 2 . but this movie seem oblivious to its crapdom . <br /> <br /> finally , there should of be more blood and/or nudity . Yea , I say it . if you be go to have a crap horror movie , make with the killing . and if you be go to have one hot and one semi-hot girl , one of they need to show some side-boob at a minimum . <br /> <br /> so , like the summary say , skip `` Scarecrows '' and just poke yourself in the eye . you 'll thank I .
this movie be make in 1948 , but it still ring true today . very , very funny . it begin with a family want to buy a little place in the country and it `` build '' from there . anyone who have ever build a house , will find this movie very endearing . great cast . Cary Grant and Myrna Lloyd be delightful in this film . this be a classic black and white film that reflect the grand style of the 40 's ... clothing , architecture and family life . many reference be make to the cost of thing , and those comparison to today 's cost be pretty amazing . I can not imagine anyone not enjoy this movie completely . I be surprised of the number of middle aged people who have never hear of it . a true classic .
at the height of the ` Celebrity Big Brother ' racism row in 2007 -lrb- involve Shilpa Shetty and the late Jade Goody -rrb- , I condemn on a internet forum those ` c.b.b. ' fan who praise the show , after year of bash ` racist ' ' 70 's sitcom such as ` Curry & Chips ' & ` Love Thy Neighbour ' . I think they be be hypocritical , and say so . ` it be not half hot mum ' be then throw into the argument , with some point out it have star a english actor blacked-up . well , yes , but Michael Bates have live in India as a boy , and speak Urdu fluently . the show 's detractor overlook the reality he bring to he performance as bearer ` Rangi Ram ' . the note indian character actor , Renu Setna , say in a 1995 documentary ` Perry & Croft : the sitcom ' that he be upset when he hear Bates have land the role , but add : `` no indian actor could have play that role as well as Bates . '' . indeed . <br /> <br /> ` mum ' be Perry and Croft 's companion show to ` Dad 's Army ' ; also set in wartime , the sedate english town of Walmington-On-Sea have be replace by the hot , steamy jungle of India , in particularly a place call Deolali , where a army concert party put on show for the troops , among they Bombadier Solomons -lrb- George Layton , he first sitcom role since ` Doctor in Charge ' -rrb- , camp gunner ` Gloria ' Beaumont -lrb- Melvyn Hayes -rrb- , diminutive Gunner ` Lofty ' Sugden , ` Lah de-dah ' Gunner Graham -lrb- John Clegg -rrb- , and Gunner Parkins -lrb- the late Christopher Mitchell -rrb- . preside over this gang of misfit be the bellicose Sergeant-Major Williams -lrb- the brilliant Windsor Davies -rrb- , who regard they all as ` poof ' . he frustration at not be able to lead he man up the jungle to engage the enemy in combat make he bitter and bullying -lrb- though he be nice to Parkins , whom he think be he illegitimate son ! -rrb- . then there be ever-so english Colonel Reynolds -lrb- Donald Hewlett -rrb- and dimwitted Captain Ashwood -lrb- Michael Knowles -rrb- . Rangi be like a wise old sage , begin each show by talk to the camera and close they by quote obscure Hindu proverb . he love be bearer so much he come to regard himself as practically british . he friend be the tea-making Char Wallah -lrb- the late Dino Shafeek , who go on to ` Mind you language ' -rrb- and the rope pull Punka Wallah -lrb- Babar Bhatti -rrb- . so real Indians feature in the show - another point its detractor ignore . Shafeek also provide what be describe on the credit as ` vocal interruption ' -lrb- similar to the ' 40 's song use as incidental music on ` Dad 's Army ' -rrb- . each edition close with he warble ` Land of Hope & Glory ' only to be silence by a ` shut up ! ' from Williams . the excellent opening theme be pen by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner . <br /> <br /> though never quite equalling ` Dad 's Army ' in the public 's affection , ` mum ' nevertheless be popular enough to run for a total of eight season . in 1975 , Davies and Estelle top the chart with a cover version of that old chestnut ` whisper grass ' . they then record a entire album of old chestnut , entitle -lrb- what else ? -rrb- ` sing Lofty ! ' . <br /> <br /> the show hit crisis point three year later when Bates die of cancer . rather than recast the role of ` rangus ' , the writer just let he be quietly forget . when George Layton leave , the character of ` Gloria ' take he place as ` Bombadier ' , provide another source of comedy . <br /> <br /> the last edition in 1981 see the soldier leave India by boat for Blighty , the Char Wallah watch they go with great sadness -lrb- as do viewer -rrb- . <br /> <br /> repeat have be few and far between -lrb- mainly on U.K. Gold -rrb- all because of its so-called ` dodgy ' reputation . this be strange . for one thing , the show be not specifically about racism . if a white man blacked-up be so wrong , why do David lean 's 1984 film ' a passage to India ' still get show on television ? -lrb- it feature Alec Guinness as a indian , and win two Oscars ! -rrb- . it be derive from Jimmy Perry 's own experience . some character be base on real people -lrb- the Sergeant-Major really do refer to he man as ` poof ' -rrb- . I take the view that if you be go to put history on television , get it right . sanitize the past , no matter how unsavoury it might seem to modern audience , be fundamentally dishonest . ` mum ' be both funny and truthful , and viewer see this . thank heaven for D.V.D. 's I say . Time to stop this review . as Williams would say : `` I 'll have no gossip in this jungle ! ''
this be not a commentary on the actual movie , but on the RUSCICO dvd release for North America . I do not know if there have be different release and update , but the disk we rent have a 2000 copyright on they , if that mean anything . anyway , the sound mix on these dvd 's be absolutely horrible . the level often yo-yo-ed up and down ; when the scene cut to a battlefield panorama , the orchestral track would thunder so loudly that I do not know which would blow out first -- my eardrum or my speaker . when it be time for dialog , the volume would usually drop to something barely audible . occasionally , the orchestra and foley-work would stay loud while the dialog be superimpose at a much lesser level . my wife and I find that the only way we could watch this movie at all from these dvd 's be if one of we keep a hand on the remote to continuously modulate the volume . and , like another user have already comment , when we select english audio the dialog keep switch back and forth between russian and english ; and occasionally when the character speak in french on the native track the dubbing be in Russian , so you be SOL if you understand neither . ultimately , we give up watch after the first disk . before you fork out $ 50 + for this movie on dvd for you own library , I would heartily recommend get you hand on a rental copy to see whether you can really enjoy this epic flick when burden by such bad sound , particularly if you have never read the book and really want to understand the storyline .
now , I have see a lot of bad movie . I like bad movie . especially bad action movie . I have see -lrb- and enjoy -rrb- all of Jean-Claude Van Damme 's movie , include the one where he be he own clone , both of the one where he play twin , and all three where he be a cyborg . I actually own the one where he play a fashion designer and have a fight in a truck full of durian . -lrb- hey , if nothing else , he be get a great ass and you almost always get to see it . with dvd , you can even pause and zoom in ! -rrb- that be why you can trust I when I say that this movie be so bad , it make plan 9 look like Citizen Kane . <br /> <br /> everything about Snake Eater be bad . the plot be bad . the script be bad . the set be bad . the fight be bad . the stunt be bad . the fx be bad . the acting be spectacularly , earth-time-bendingly bad , very probably showcase the worst performance of every so-called actor in the cast , include Lorenzo Lamas , and that be really say something . and I would be willing to bet everyone involve with this movie be lousy in bed , to boot . ESPECIALLY Lorenzo Lamas . <br /> <br /> it do manage to be unintentionally funny , so it be not a total loss . however , I recommend that you watch this movie only if you be either a congenital idiot or very , very stoned . I be able to sit through it myself because I need to watch something to distract I from rinse cat urine out of my laundry . <br /> <br /> it do not help much , but it be better than nothing . one point for Ron Palillo 's cameo as a gay arsonist .
he be the quintessential narcissist and manipulator ; in this case , portray attorney -lrb- and murderer -rrb- Tom Capano . <br /> <br /> Kathryn Morris be sympathetic as victim , Anne Marie Fahey , but in the beginning be a bit too much the victim . we be sorry for the situation , but become simultaneously disgust after see he victimization of several other woman -lrb- include Rachel Ward -rrb- as well . <br /> <br /> the sad part be where she be actually get help with she self-esteem issue , and Capano actually have she psychologist kill . Pretty hard to believe , but this be base on a true story . <br /> <br /> there be a cameo with Olympia Dukakis -lrb- excellent -rrb- as Capano 's mother . all in all , a interesting story because it be base on a true murder , and you will want to read Ann Rule 's book to get the accurate detail . 8/10 .
surely one of the mystery of the modern world !! - this film be not consider to be within the top 100 film of all time ???? <br /> <br /> if you watch this film and think it be anything other than wonderful please let I know how ? - Al Pacino 's performance be as good as it get !
this movie rock '' Jen sexy as ever and Polly wow be we really ever that young this movie can still touch the heart of a lot of teens it need to be put on dvd soon or it will become a classic . i really enjoy grow up to this movie i have always have a crush on Jen now i be too old but to this movie be make for all gen > you know i come from the early 80 , s area be i have to watch everyone el live the life i want but thru movie i can do that all over again i guess in short i be hope and wish that this movie not be lose in time but reborn to the youth so they may enjoy the heart warm fill you get learn about hormone and datt problem and how to get away with stuff that seem so major back then but do not mean nothan now so this movie be a date tool .
good for a evening 's entertainment - but the plot be unconvincing . Garrison 's affair with the First Lady be unreal and passionless ; the President be a cardboard cut-out . and who be the real villain anyway ? nothing be develop or explain sufficiently . I still do not know why they want to kill the President or how the mole get involve . the villain be nameless and undeveloped , so you never feel involve in they plot . Michael Douglas and Kiefer Sutherland do they best to inject some reality into the story - the chase and confrontation be good . but Kim Basinger and Eva Longoria be both unbelievable in they role , Basinger totally lack character and no way could Longoria have be a Secret Service agent . this could have be a very good film but somehow it miss the way , with too many unanswered question . disappointing on the whole despite some very good scene . and do they use the ` West Wing ' set for the White House scene ? - I keep expect cj or Charlie to appear !
I have to agree with most everyone 's opinion that this show be poorly produce as well as written.the acting be not much more above the lower production value however I feel a actor can only rely on the material provide to they and make the best of it . in keep with this thought I feel it be important to point out that one actor have rise and persevere well beyond this campy to tasteless production to have become a respectable and quite talented performer.i be refer to Laura Harris a canadian bear actor who have etch she way through many poorly produce show and movie to find a place on the HBO hit `` dead like I '' where she play the role of Daisy Adair and to she credit she handle this role in a efficient manner.i remember have a typical boyhood crush on the young actress during this series where she play Ashley a soft speak yet intelligent 7th grader.i feel as though if anyone might `` make it '' from this series it surely would be Laura Harris and true to she nature she do excel in the act field to win the respect of many producer who now recognize she for she talent as well as unique nordic blond allure . if you ever do have the opportunity to view this series I recommend that you have something epic to watch after ward such as the ` Godfather ' or perhaps ` beach ' in order to remind yourself that there be after all a great deal of true production integrity and value out there and that this series be only a low-budget reminder of what Laura Harris can simply state about she time on the show and I bet she would quote many a young actor word of defense by say `` it be a start ! ''
I 'll say one thing for Jeanette and Nelson -- even when strand in a mirthless , witless , painfully inept musical like this , there be still that twinkle in they eye . yes , the chemistry between the famous duo be there even when the material be paper thin . even when the score be practically a throwaway , non-existent one depend on just a couple of catchy tune . and even when the circumstance be so unbelievable -- yes , even for a fantasy . <br /> <br /> truth to tell , she have more chemistry with Nelson than with she own real-life husband gene Raymond in SMILIN ' THROUGH , which , nonetheless , be a considerably better film . <br /> <br /> sorry , I love Jeanette and Nelson as much as the next fan , but this be the bottom of the heap . Jeanette be more than embarrassing in she one `` hep '' number with Binnie Barnes -- and Nelson can only come up with a blank stare when face with the most ludicrous situation . <br /> <br /> one can only wonder what this be like on Broadway in 1938 . surely , it must have have more wit and style than be evident in this weak MGM production . Edward Everett Horton fizzle in a unfunny role and none of the support player can breathe any semblance of life into this mess . it be like amateur night at the studio even with the few professional sprinkle among the support cast . <br /> <br /> sum up : painfully clumsy rendering of a Rodgers and Hart musical . ca not recommend it , even for fan of MacDonald and Eddy . and even if Jeanette 's close-up still glow with she gossamer beauty , this film be jaw-droppingly bad .
in one word ... abysmal . I give it one star for the hippie sex scene and eye candy woman , otherwise forget it . Corman 's worst effort , bar none . Ben Vereen should have have he name permanently stricken from the cast . I can not believe that this be now go to be on dvd -lrb- as of 2/15/05 -rrb- with `` Wild in the Streets '' - another retro stinker . I wake up sick in bed this morning with a cold , decide to watch a movie to cheer I up some , scan the digital channel ... the premise look interesting enough because I like view b-movie sci-fus , hippie culture and rebellious teen flick . it seem familiar somehow and with Ben Vereen in the cast , I think ... why not ? what a big mistake ... it be a horrible start to my day . <br /> <br /> only after view it , I now know why the familiarity creep into the recess of my newly-awakened brain . I remember see come attraction for this film as a 14-year old -lrb- I be 45 -rrb- , back in the early/mid-seventy at the Sombrero , a local art theater that no longer exist ... the whole theater laugh hysterically and even groan out loud at how bad this movie look . acting : dreadful , story : awful , cinematography : nearly-awful , music : terrible , sound : horrendous , direct : a joke . if you choose to watch this after my warning , remember ... `` I tell you so . '' <br /> <br /> `` gass-s-s-s '' be the perfect title for this film ... you feel `` gas '' after view this putrid movie - or maybe that you should be take to a `` gas '' chamber for waste you brain away . I have see homemade Super 8 movie that put this film to shame . definitely a new addition to my all-time top ten worst film ... it be up there -lrb- er , down there -rrb- with `` tentacle . '' <br /> <br /> Ted in Gilbert , AZ
ridiculous fluff , that compound its error by try to have meaning . Joan , this time as a congresswoman , Agatha Reed , chairwoman of a committee dedicate to `` investigate the high cost of food . '' say Congresswoman Reed , `` the housewife have be get it in the neck too long . I be go to keep fight long enough so that the american family can take a vacation once a year , see a movie every week and feed a occasional peanut to a elephant . '' she be all business , but become all gushy when she be award a honorary degree from good Hope College , where she be expel for the crime of have stay out all night -lrb- the parallel to Joan 's real life be unmistakable here , as it be in all Joan Movies -rrb- . the degree cause much consternation on campus -lrb- `` that would make it the most broad-minded institution in the history of education ! '' -rrb- -- but Joan be unaware of this as she arrive . the college president , Jim Merrill , play by Robert Young , at he handsomest , happen to be Joan 's former teacher -- and lover . it be with * he * that she spend the night out , all those year ago , but Joan feel it be better to just disappear rather than try and explain to the skeptical college that they be about to be marry . naturally , this high-profile event will be cover by * Life * magazine -- and who do the photographer turn out to be ? yet another of Joan 's old lover -- this one , she hang out with in China `` during the war '' , and he think Joan might be head for trouble with she old flame . Eve Arden , play Joan 's assistant , `` Woodie , '' be at she butchest and most smart-alecky in this movie -- with she flippant and unnecessary remark that would make you dismiss she from she job , if you do not like she so much . but you not only like Eve in this , as in all she role , you adore she . she be so droll and no-nonsense , you would like to pay she just to hang around and be one of the boy . when Joan cry upon arrive at she alma mater , Eve tell she it `` look fierce . '' but Joan say that maybe other only see a collection of building , she , Joan , see youth -- herself at 18 `` eager , expectant -- a little frightened , ask ` what be life ? what be I ? ' '' but , of course , if we actually go into depth about Joan at 18 , the truth may be a little different . <br /> <br /> for I , this be the major problem in watch any Joan movie . you can call she character whatever you want to , but it be always all Joan , all the time . so , since what we be always see be Joan be herself , it be easy to dispense with character 's name . it be just that it get confuse when Joan try to tell we something patently untrue , like she description of herself at 18 -- when we know that at 18 , Joan have already be around the block several time . many man would have describe she as eager , and as far as be expectant , she have already have several abortion at this point . but that be a personal problem , and I digress , but I simply want to explain why I say thing such as '' ... and then Joan do ... '' this or that , or `` we see Joan as ... '' when we be not literally watch a home movie . <br /> <br /> there be a unintentionally hilarious moment in which Joan be give the Clara Bow doll that she leave behind in college -- quick arithmetic tell we that Joan and Clara be contemporary and this be a transparent ploy to make we believe Joan be much younger than she actually look . it fail . what also fail be a attempt at early-50s political correctness . in the story , Joan have write a book about free speech and make a film -lrb- no , not the one about the plumber -rrb- , and she attract the attention of a early 50s campus radical , Dr. Pitt , who be about to be fire for he view , which be shockingly similar to Joan 's . this be where the movie mysteriously become a morality tale -- a weak one , to be sure , but perhaps the only thing that keep it from slide into oblivion .
my kid make better video than this ! I feel rip off of the $ 4.00 spend rent this thing ! there be no date on the video case , apparently design by wellspring ; and , what be even worse , there be no production date for the original film list anywhere in the movie ! the only date give be 2002 , lead a unsuspecting renter to believe he be get a recent film . <br /> <br /> this movie be so bad from a standpoint of be outdate and irrelevant for any time period but precisely when it be make , that I be amaze that anyone would take the time and expense to market it as a video . it might be of interest to student study the counter-culture of the 1960 's , the anti-war , anti-establishment , tune-in , turn-on and drop out culture ; but when you read the back of the video case , there be no hint that that be what you be get . if you do make the mistake of rent it though , it be probably best view while on drug , so that you mind will more closely match the wavelength of the mind of the director , Fassbinder and Fengler . regardless of you state of mind while watch it , I can tell you that it do not get any better after the first scene ; so , know that , I be sure you 'll be fast asleep long before the end .
I recently -lrb- May 2008 -rrb- discover that this childhood favorite be available as a dvd . although I have see a great deal of high quality movie since then -lrb- late 70 's -lrb- I be 10 in 1978 -rrb- -rrb- , this three-episode , low budget thing still stand strong . <br /> <br /> what be fun be that I now watch it with my 10 year old daughter , and she experience just the same as I remember from back then : the creepy music -lrb- she have to hold my hand , even though she be be raise with watch lotr and resident evil -rrb- , the ever change theory of who the culprit actually be , and also complain about the theatrical voice from a era before Norway discover the difference between stage act and movie acting . <br /> <br /> this be the one and only good science fiction movie -lrb- or series -rrb- ever make in Norway . and it be still worth watch .
what be the point of this movie ? what be the plot ? I do not know . Shaq can not act , people do not know how to direct , and I be Kazaam ! a genie who rap ? come on . maybe Eminem or Linkin Park will be in a movie like this . I remember I watch this just to kill time . it do not really interest I . I just remember thinking , `` who put Shaq in this movie ??? '' the whole story seem stupid too . it make no sense whatsoever . I guess a unrealized moral of this movie be that you can find anything in the ghetto and anything can happen . I can not comment much more because this movie be so terrible there be nothing worth comment about . I `` wish '' this movie would go away .
this be not the worst movie I have ever see , but that be about as much as can be say about it . it start off with some good atmosphere ; the hospital be suitably sterile and alienate , the mood be set to `` eerie '' . and then ... nothing . well , something . just something that clearly do not fit in ... and no effort be make to clarify the connection between the bizarre and yet not particularly intimidating critter , and the hospital they have take over . I mean , come on , biker dud ? some band watch a bit too much Gwar . <br /> <br /> my personal favorite be the head demon , who look rather a lot like a middle-aged trucker desperately attempt menace , while simultaneously look like he would really like prefer to sag down on a afghan-covered couch , undo he belt , pop a can of cheap beer -lrb- probably Schlitz -rrb- , and watch the game . honestly , I have see far scarier trucker . at truckstop . drink coffee . wwwwoooooohhhhhhoooooooo !!!! scary !! <br /> <br /> the other monster be even more cartoonish , and even less scary . at least , on the dvd , the video give some explanation of they presence in the hospital ... they apparently just randomly pop up in place , play some bippy `` metal '' , and cause people to be dead a bit . bar a few good special effect , and act that be not entirely terrible give a lack of decent writing , there be just nothing here . it be a background-noise movie only .
... but the actress play the daughter just do not come across as credible . <br /> <br /> it do not work for I when I see a actress of about 25 year play the role of a 12-year-old ... other commentator have suggest that this be one of the message of this film , that child may sometimes seem more adult-like than adult , but with the casting as it be in this film , it just do not work for I . <br /> <br /> you might want to check other comment to find out what this film be actually about , because i could not bear watch it to the end . <br /> <br /> i agree that the premise for this film be beautiful though - I wish another director would try to pick up this story again .
word fail I . <br /> <br /> and that be not common . <br /> <br /> do properly this could have be great , funny spoof b-movie sci-fus , but sadly , it be not to be . rarely in the field of drama have so many competent actor struggle so vainly with such a dogs-breakfast of a script . I can only endorse the previous reviewer 's comment - go clean the bathroom . in fact do ANYTHING except watch this film . <br /> <br /> positive : Lucy Beeman 's nose . negative : everything else . <br /> <br /> most apposite line : `` this be not go anywhere '' . <br /> <br /> if only every plastic surgeon could meet with such a fate .
I be afraid that you 'll find that the huge majority of people who rate this movie as a 10 be highly christian . I be not . if you be look for a christian movie , I recommend this film . if you be look for a good general movie , I be afraid you 'll need to go elsewhere . <br /> <br /> I be annoy by the character , and they illogical behaviour . the premise of the movie be that the teaching of morality without teaching that it be Jesus who be the basis of morality be itself wrong . one scene show the main character tell a boy that it be wrong to steal , and then the character go on to say that it be Jesus who teach we this . I find that offensive : be we to believe that `` thou shalt not steal '' come from Jesus ? I suppose he write the ten commandment ? and steal be acceptable before that ? I rent the movie from Netflix . I should have realize the nature of the movie from the comment . oh well .
`` dress to kill '' be surely one of the best horror/thriller movie ever made.It 's taut , stylish and extremely suspenseful mixture of sex and violence.the acting be pretty good , the orchestral score by Pino Donaggio be unforgettable and there be plenty of surprise to keep thriller fan intrigue . `` dress to kill '' be a murder mystery that involve a sexually frustrated housewife -lrb- Angie Dickinson -rrb- , she teenage son -lrb- Keith Gordon -rrb- , she psychoanalyst -lrb- Michael Caine -rrb- , and a high price call girl -lrb- Nancy Allen -rrb- . the murderer in the film be a transsexual name Bobbi who be also one of Caine 's patients.the film be full of breathtaking moment : the infamous elevator murder scene be extremely stylish and pretty gory as well.highly recommend .
I find this movie to be exciting right from the start -- like a Spielberg movie be -- and find the plot to be intriguing as I try to figure out what the actual situation be . <br /> <br /> right from the start -- before the opening credit -- the action start , bring with it immediate suspense . <br /> <br /> the two main character be very likable . -lrb- I have trouble like any of the Baldwins , due to Alec 's extra-curricular , political activity , but William be not too bad in this movie . -rrb- <br /> <br /> there be several highly unexpected twist , which contribute to the enjoyment . <br /> <br /> there be , unfortunately , many place where there be a annoying high pitch sound in the soundtrack -- something like 19k hz . I suspect the microphone be pick up video monitor on the set .
Hmmm , a sport team be in a plane crash , get strand on a snowy mountain , and be face with the difficult decision to eat the flesh of they dead companion in order to survive . sound familiar anyone ? I refer to `` alive '' from 1993 . the only major difference here , of course , be that a big , white , drunken scare crow of a yeti show up a few time to drag off the dead . I guess human taste better than yak . <br /> <br /> Stupid : the man in the first scene do not have a reliable firearm when hunting the Yeti , nor do he have a backup . <br /> <br /> the plane crash be completely bogus . it would have either explode in the air , explode when it hit the ground , or become obliterate . the people would not have survive , but hey , it be sci-fi . <br /> <br /> Stupid : they survive , and they be cold . it might be a good idea to harness some of the burning debris nearby so as not to freeze to death . fire be warm as it be ... <br /> <br /> wtf : the pilot have frost form all over he face while he be alive and talking , but oddly enough , no one else do . <br /> <br /> Stupid : one of the guy tell the other to look for match and lighter , but there be scattered part of the plane on fire all around they . <br /> <br /> Stupid : they find coat and hoody , and yet there in the cold of the Himalayas , they fail to use the hood ! <br /> <br /> Stupid : they be stare at a pile of stick when , I reiterate , there be piece of the plane ALREADY BURNING . <br /> <br /> stupid : the Himalayas be notorious for its storm . it would be common sense for they to collect the debris in order to reinforce they structure rather than sit outside bickering . there be a lot of pine tree around , the branch of which make excellent insulation . <br /> <br /> wtf : when in doubt , use a dead man 's arm as a splint . <br /> <br /> wtf : if the one guy know so much about the hibernation habit of squirrel , bear , and leopard in the Himalayas , then why do not he know enough to make shelter and set trap right from the start ? <br /> <br /> Stupid : when attempt to trap wild animal , mindless conversation in the vicinity of say trap always help . <br /> <br /> wtf : do you know how hard it would be to cut a frozen corpse with a shard of glass ?! <br /> <br /> wtf : the group be ready and armed to fight the Yeti while the other two be stand there defenseless . the Yeti rip out the guy 's heart and stomp the girl 's head , and the gang do nothing . there be love . <br /> <br /> so two Yetis and a convenient avalanche to bury the evidence forever ... or so we think . mwuhahahaa ! the story continue into more idiocy but the most action occur in the last 15 minute , as usual . nice thinking with the javelin and the chain , although this be some ingenuity -lrb- with the magically-appearing chain -rrb- that they lack in the beginning of the movie when they could not even make fire despite the fact that it be all around they . <br /> <br /> as be typical for the Sci-Fi Originals , the loving couple kiss at the end like nothing horrible have just happen to they -lrb- not to mention they eat human flesh and have not brush they tooth in several day -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the very end , however , be quote lame .
another excellent Arnold movie . this futuristic movie have great action in it , and be one of Arnie 's best movie . Arnold be frame as a bad guy in this movie and play a game of death . this movie be excellent and a great sci-fi / action movie . I have always like this movie and it have to be one of the greatest adventure movie of all time . 10 out of 10 ! perfection
horrible end - and I can not believe Moore spend a year come up with it . smack of L. Ron Hubbard and Dianetitcs , which Hubbard claim to pen in just three week . this be actually disappointing enough for I to toss my disc from the first 3.5 year . now , the first 1.5 hour be action packed , though absurd in the premise , and then it deteriorate into a slow , painful , sophomoric dissolution of the series . unbelievable how slow and draw out that last hour be . be we to think more deeply ? if I want a lesson in a-materialism , I would reread Daniel Quinn 's Ishmael . absurd to think 38k people would give up everything for a `` fresh start '' . absurd to throw in a disappear Kara , and a reappear Baltar and six . absurd to throw in the mitochondrial Eve . just absurd .
one of the requirement of science fiction , at least before it start to become satire , be that it be somewhat plausible . I would think that a anti-matter bomb would do considerably more damage than for what it be intend . but I 'll leave that to the physicist who might have see Solar Crisis . <br /> <br /> it be a crisis the earth be face because solar flare be get totally out of hand . they be get close to Earth , so much so that it be become unseasonably hot , as if the entire Earth be Death Valley . the answer be a anti-matter bomb which a space ship will have to take to the sun and explode it there . that will divert the flare off in say the direction of say Mercury provide it be not in direct alignment with the Earth . <br /> <br /> who to deliver it , but captain Tim Matheson and he crew . that be if he can keep he mind on the business at hand and not on runaway son , Corin Nemec . take care of the personal side of the family problem be admiral Charlton Heston , Matheson 's father , and Nemec 's grandfather . <br /> <br /> there be a villain here too , Peter Boyle who be the ceo of a multi-national corporation which in this crisis be try to control the world 's food supply for the survivor . the idea he might not survive do not enter into he thinking . he be do he best to sabotage Matheson 's mission . <br /> <br /> Solar Crisis seem like a bad mix of 2001 , a space odyssey and voyage to the bottom of the sea . Boyle seem to be take he cue from Gene Hackman as Lex Luthor in Superman , apparently he be the only one in the cast who realize he be in a turkey and overact accordingly . <br /> <br /> the rest of the cast be stalwart , true blue and dull . except possibly desert rat Jack Palance who find Nemec and care for he . <br /> <br /> the key here be that the film be direct by that note Hollywood purveyor of flop film , Allen Smithee . the film get as much as four star for the cast involve and it be out in time for a Thanksgiving carve .
if you have ever wonder why they do not make porn with a plot , watch dream Quest . on the one hand , you have to give the Armstrong credit both for make the effort to capitalize on this idea and for use such a strong adult cast to put some name power behind it . on the other hand , it also quickly become apparent why most porn never have more than 15 or 20 seconds of dialog connect sex scene together . these people simply can not act -lrb- and the story be , unfortunately , lame to a ridiculous degree -rrb- . <br /> <br /> still , I give it a 7 because it be a nice try and there do not seem to be much of a effort to cut corner . also , I would like to see more attempt like this one . maybe someday I will see the perfect combination of porn and plot .
this film be fantastic as it explore storytelling and fantasy in the way a child would , for adult . the idea of a child 's drawing become a place she can physically visit and have influence over be wonderful . at the same time you could get all child psychologist about it and say she be really explore she subconscious , just as we all do in we dream when we sleep . the bit that give I goose-pimple be when she Dad be in the paper house , and chase she . the only thing I can not stand be that it be market as a horror film ... it really be not . if you want to see something british with plenty of storyline which keep you guess without the usual cheap thrill most film have to use , then watch Paperhouse .
`` CASOMAI '' be the last movie I have see before get married , just last year . <br /> <br /> it be also the first movie I have search for , after I be marry , because we promise to offer a copy to we priest . <br /> <br /> sometimes , reality be not that apart from fiction . to all those who write that priest like `` Don Camillo '' do not exist in real life , I would recommend they to visit my Priest Pe . Nuno Westwood , in Estoril , Portugal :--RRB- <br /> <br /> to all other , I would only recommend they to see this movie , before and after the `` I do ! '' day :--rrb- <br /> <br /> Rodrigo Ribeiro Portugal
so , where be the cannibal ? those intrigue by the title and the ` real cannibal ' appeal of this film will be let down . instead , we be show a strange man and he re-visiting of a Papua New Guinea village full of native , one of whom be he lover several decade prior . the man , Tobias Schneebaum be New York jewish as they come and somehow , this be intertwine with the documentary as he appear in he yamika in several scene . <br /> <br /> there be no real cannibal here : only story relay by some of the native and by Tobias himself . not all together a bad film . very interesting and great cinematography . schneebaum remain highly likable throughout and provide we with a fascinating glimpse into a life that be about as far remove from western civilization as one can get . <br /> <br /> it be just not what it claim to be on the cover and in the plot summary . <br /> <br /> 4 out of 10 , kid .
Govind Nihalani 's directorial venture of Vijay Tendulkar 's novel be brilliant . Om Puri play a inspector velankar who be force to protect underworld don rama shetty , play brilliantly by sadahiv amrapurkar . this be Govind Nihlan 's most talk about movie . this be a very good and a classic film . Smita Patil play the female lead opposite om Puri . Naseeruddin Shah be brilliant in a cameo role . although Sadashiv Amrapurkar have only 4 scene in the movie he dominate the movie . this be Sadashiv Amrapurkars act debut.om Puri win a national award for this film for the best actor . Filmfare award winner for best Film , Story , support actor -lrb- Sadashiv Amrapurkar -rrb- .
this movie be easily the worst of the series . though New Line might just be look at sale , they all know the only reason this one make more money than the one prior be due to its 3d end . it be not that the 3-d be good either , because it be 50 's 3d with the red and blue lens -lrb- anaglyph . -rrb- it be just the fact that people want to see what it would look like . beyond that this movie be so poorly do ! bad script , bad character , bad acting , worse directing . this movie be try to push the camp factor almost to the point of be like a `` looney tune '' episode . <br /> <br /> seriously , not for horror audience , because it be corny and not scary , and not funny or amusing for comedy crowd . just a total mess with some really bad cameo that be still try to play this whole thing as camp and have it fall way short of what they probably want . <br /> <br /> I remember most of we who have be fan of this series be just pray that it would end at this point because of how bad it have get . this be one of the movie that help take horror out of popularity and ride a fad of belief that audience really want to laugh with some stupid comedy than see a good and scary horror film .
it really boggle my mind when someone come across a movie like this and claim it to be one of the worst slasher film out there . this be by far not one of the worst out there , still not a good movie , but not the worst nonetheless . go see something like Death nurse or Blood Lake and then come back to I and tell I if you think the night bring Charlie be the worst . the film have decent camera work and editing , which be way more than I can say for many more extremely obscure slasher film . <br /> <br /> the film do not deliver on the on-screen death , there be one death where you see he pruning see rip into a neck , but all other death be hardly interesting . but the lack of on-screen graphic violence do not mean this be not a slasher film , just a bad one . <br /> <br /> the film be obviously intend not to be take too seriously . the film come in at the end of the second slasher cycle , so it certainly be a reflection on traditional slasher element , do in a tongue in cheek way . for example , after a kill , Charlie go to the town 's ` welcome ' sign and mark the population down one less . this be something that can only get a laugh . <br /> <br /> if you be into slasher film , definitely give this film a watch . it be slightly different than you usual slasher film with possibility of two killer , but not by much . the comedy of the movie be pretty much tell the audience to relax and not take the movie so god darn serious . you may forget the movie , you may remember it . I 'll remember it because I love the name .
this be a film about deep and unspoken human relationship . <br /> <br /> eventually they do become speak , but be there a chance to change anything about the situation . <br /> <br /> originally make in Shanghai 1948 and quite free of propaganda the film introduce we to the Dai Family . there be still some weight about the history that surround the family . history usually have weight in chinese literature and serious film . <br /> <br /> a young married couple - Liyan , a invalid , and he wife Yuwen live in a once great family compound that be partially ruin . <br /> <br /> a bright contrast be Liyan 's young sister who can not really remember the past of the family but accept everything in quite a natural way . she spirit be as bright as the other two be reserve . <br /> <br /> Into this apparently stable world come a unexpected visitor ... <br /> <br /> I end up feeling quite sad - but definitely a superior film .
I give this loooooooooooong film a `` 2 '' because of the attractive actor and semi-sexy love scene . otherwise , if you can not read like a speed-reader you will never get through the subtitle that try to keep up with the spanish speed talk ! and , what the hell be go on in the plot if you can not read the subtitle . endless stare and goof-eye and constant rejection . just boring after a hour or so . some good cinematography but also some so dark you think you screen have burn out . how this win anything I will never understand . difficult to talk about `` ACTING '' since the lead actor seem to just stare and look lovingly at each other when they be not push each other away . the character Geraldo be so attractive that it be difficult to believe that anyone would push he away . and what be with he mother ? I just plain do not get it most of the time except that there be three guy that all seem to have have a history with each other ... but never figure out who be whose `` EX . ''
I have be want to see cut since the day i have hear of it , which be sometime last year . anyway i get to see today , and when the movie start i think that it start rather week but it get better after 10 min or so . I think that the movie be pretty good . but the thing i do not like be how the killer be create , i be think just before i rent that it would probably suck just like Urban legend : final cut , i almost die it . mostly everything in UL final cut need to be improve . cut be 100 time better than UL : final cut . the best part of CUT be the killer and the death scene . the killer kick MO f *** ING ASS . <br /> <br /> i give cut a 8 out of 10
the story of the boy thief of Bagdad -lrb- as it be once spell -rrb- have attract filmmaker from Raoul Walsh in 1924 , who star Douglas Fairbanks in the first , silent , render of `` thief of Bagdad , '' to less impose , more recent attempt . the best , however , remain 1940 's version which for its time be a startling , magical panoply of top quality special effect . those effect still work they charm . <br /> <br /> no less than six director be list for the technicolor movie which star Sabu as the boy thief , Abu , John Justin as the dreamily in love depose monarch , Ahmad and June Duprez as the lovely princess seek by Ahmad and pursue by the evil vizier , Jaffar , play by a sinister Conrad Veidt . the giant genie be ably act by rex Ingram . <br /> <br /> Ahmad be treacherously depose by Jaffar and when later arrest by that traitorous serpent , he and the boy , Abu , suffer what be clearly incapacitating fate . Ahmad be render blind and Abu become a lovable mutt . they adventure through the gaily decorate Hollywood backlot be fun but the special effect make this film work . <br /> <br /> two man be responsible for everything from a magic fly carpet to the gargantuan genie who pop out of a bottle with a tornado-like black swirl : Lawrence W. Butler and Tom Howard . -lrb- Howard , incidentally , do the special effect for the 1961 version of this film . both man have long and distinguished career in technical wizardry . -rrb- <br /> <br /> Duprez be outstandingly lovely while little call on for serious acting . Justin 's Ahmad project a drive but dreamy romanticism untouched by erotic impulse . Sabu be really the central actor in many scene and he be very good . for a movie mean for kid as well as adult there be a fair amount of violence but of the bloodless kind . still , I do not think anyone under eight ought to see `` thief of Bagdad . '' <br /> <br /> this film make periodic appearance on tv but today my teenage son and I see it in a theater with quite a few youngster present . it be great to see computer-besotted kid in a affluent community respond with cheer and applause to special effect that must seem primitive to they . <br /> <br /> `` thief of Bagdad '' be a pre-war Hollywood classic from a time when strong production value often result in enduringly attractive and important release . this be one of the best of its kind . <br /> <br /> 9/10 .
as far as I know , this show be never repeat on UK television after its original run in the late '60s / early '70 , and most episode be now sadly `` miss presumed wipe '' . <br /> <br /> Series 6 from 1971 however still exist in its entirety , and I recently get the chance to watch it all , the best part of 4 decade on . <br /> <br /> after rush home from school , Freewheelers be essential viewing for I and many of my contemporary back in those halcyon day of flared trousers , Slade and Chicory Tip . and watch it again bring a nostalgic lump to the throat . <br /> <br /> never mind the bad / hammy acting , the unintentionally amusing fight scene , plot hole wide enough to pilot a large ocean-going yacht through and the `` frightfully , frightfully '' RADA accent of the lead player . <br /> <br /> no - forget all that . because Freewheelers hark back to a bygone -lrb- dare I say `` golden '' -rrb- age of kid ' tv drama , when the show be simply about rip-roaring fun and do not take themselves so seriously . before they become obsess with all the angst-laden `` ishoo '' that today 's screenwriter have they young protagonist fret over , such as relationship , pregnancy , drug , sti etc. <br /> <br /> no doubt if it be `` remake for a modern audience '' in these day of all-pervasive political correctness , the boss figure would be a black female , one of the young male hero would be a muslim , the other would be a white lad confuse about he sexuality and the girl would be a all-action go-getter with a IQ off the scale , who would be forever get the lad out of scrape and make they look foolish - in other word a million mile remove from Wendy Padbury 's deferential , ankle-spraining washer-upper . <br /> <br /> it be a show that be very much `` of its time '' . but be that a bad thing ? I for one do not think so .
if this film be a comedy , I would have give it a 10 . oh my , where do I begin ? put it this way -- I have see lot of terrible horror film , but this one make troll 2 look like freakin ' Saving Private Ryan . it be as if a group of porn filmmaker decide to make a horror film , change they mind in midproduction and decide to do a comedy , then go back to horror , and then decide that they should have just stick with porno -lrb- softcore at that -rrb- . everything about this film be simply terrible : the musical score -lrb- someone shoot the guy who invent the Yamaha keyboard -rrb- , the script , the directing , the cinematography , the act . there simply be no word to describe this . oh wait , yes there be : holy $ * % ! .
the famous international conductor Daniel Daréus -lrb- Michael Nyqvist -rrb- have a heart attack with he stressed busy professional life and interrupt he successful career with a early retirement . he decide to return to he hometown in the north of Sweden , from where he mother leave when he be a seven year-old sensitive boy bully by Conny and other school mate , to live a low-paced life . he buy a old school and be invite to participate in the church choir by the local Shepherd Stig -lrb- Niklas Falk -rrb- , but the reluctant and shy Daniel refuse in the principle . however , he get involve with the community and feel attract by Lena -lrb- Frida Hallgren -rrb- , a local woman with a past with the local doctor . he music open the heart of the member of the choir , affect they daily life : the slow tore -lrb- André Sjöberg -rrb- have the chance to participate in the choir ; Inger -lrb- Ingela Olsson -rrb- , the wife of Stig , release she repress sexuality ; Gabriella -lrb- Helen Sjöholm -rrb- take a attitude against she abusive and violent husband ; the gossiper and frustrated siv -lrb- ilva lööf -rrb- open she heart against Lena ; the fat holmfrid -lrb- Mikael Rahm -rrb- cry enough against the joke of the businessman Arne -lrb- Lennart Jähkel -rrb- ; even Daniel start loving people and Lena as the love of he life . when they be invite to participate in a important contest in Vienna , Daniel find he music open the heart of people make he dream come true . <br /> <br /> `` så som I himmelen '' be a touching and sensitive movie , with a very beautiful story . it be impressive how director Kay Pollak and the screenplay writer have be able to develop a great number of character in 132 minute run time . the performance be top-notch , support by magnificent music score and at least two awesome moment : when Gabrielle sing she song in the concert , and certainly the last concert in Vienna with the audience , jury and everybody participate in the melody , and Daniel make he dream come true . like in `` Teorema '' , the stranger change the life , not of only a family , but of a conservative community . further , like many european movie , the open conclusion indicate that Daniel actually die , at least in my interpretation , reach peace with the success of he music . my eye become wet in these two scene . my vote be nine . <br /> <br /> title -lrb- Brazil -rrb- : `` a Vida no Paraíso '' -lrb- `` The Life in the Paradise '' -rrb-
wow ! a danish movie with this kind of content ? I mean , the actor , the story , the picture , the efx - everything be where it should be . <br /> <br /> and a danish efx house produce those VFX - wow ! this be like the 2nd or 3rd time a danish fx have produce visual effect in that quality . <br /> <br /> * SPOILER AHEAD * the twist with the ghostly child in the submarine be quite good , but generally I do not feel the big chill which I would expect from a ghost-movie . * end of spoiler * <br /> <br /> but anyway , this be a danish movie which I as a dane can be proud of . <br /> <br /> the only `` bad '' about this , be that it be not a danish director , but a Swedish ...
i try to sit through this bomb not too long ago.what a disaster . the acting be atrocious.there be some absolutely pathetic action scene that fall flat as a lead balloon.this be mainly due to the fact that the reaction of the actor just do not ring true.supposedly a modern reworking of the Hitchcock original `` Lifeboat '' . i think Hictcock would be spin circle in he grave at the very think of it.from what i be able to suffer through , there be nothing compelling in this movie.it boast a few semus big name , but they put no effort into they characters.but , you know , to be fair , it be nobody 's fault really.i mean , i be pretty sure the script blow up in the first explosion . lol.it be possible that this thing end up improve as it go along.but for I , i be not willing to spend at least three day to find out.so unless you have at least a three day weekend on the horizon , avoid this stinker / 1/10
I find this to be the most enjoyable Muppets movie , because I feel it be the most light-hearted and have the best comic delivery on most of its line . the Muppets try to go on Broadway to sell a original musical they have write , but along the way , they run into the usual problem , include Kermit 's memory loss here . while there be not as many great cameo here as in the original `` Muppets Movie , '' there be some include Joan Rivers and Dabney Coleman . simply the timing and delivery of so many of the line be great , and the situation the Muppets find themselves in be hilarious . the original song be also good here , and the end be satisfy . there be not much else to say about the film , but Muppet fan should see it for sure . it be the funniest muppet movie and be sure to be enjoy by all . <br /> <br /> *** 1/2 out of ****
the play Bell , Book , and candle be a favorite of mature actress to do in summer stock and take on the road . one famous story , tell by director Harold J. Kennedy , have Ginger Rogers insist that she then husband , William Marshall , who be not a actor , costar with she . Marshall wear a toupee , and when he walk through a doorway , he toupee catch on a nail and stay behind , dangle in the doorway as he walk on stage . <br /> <br /> the play be adapt successfully into a beautiful color film star Kim Novak , James Stewart , Jack Lemmon , Elsa Lanchester , Hermoine Gingold , Ernie Kovacs , and Janice Rule . it be light entertainment , about a normal-appearing family of witch -lrb- Novak , Lemmon , and Lanchester -rrb- and the publisher -lrb- Stewart -rrb- who live in they building . the most expert of they be the sultry , soft-voiced Gillian , who would love to be normal . one night , with Stewart in she apartment , she put a spell on he use she siamese cat , Pyewacket , and he fall in love with she . <br /> <br /> `` Bell Book and Candle '' be film on a charming set that replicate New York . the movie be load of fun . Jack Lemmon be very funny in a support role as Gillian 's brother , a musician in the witch and warlock-laden Zodiac Club . he use he power to turn streetlight on and off and to turn on the occasional woman . Janice Rule be perfect as the snobby ex-college rival of Gillian , now date Stewart , and Ernie Kovacs have a great turn as a eccentric who be write the definitive book on witch . Lanchester and Gingold , of course , be always wonderful , Lanchester Gillian 's daft aunt and Gingold as a sort of queen of witchcraft . <br /> <br /> Kim Novak be a good fit for Gillian , give the character a detachment befitting a witch , show emotion when it become appropriate , and with that voice , fabulous face , and magnificent wardrobe , she certainly be magical . Stewart , in he last foray as a romantic lead , costar with Novak as he do in Vertigo , and they make a effective team . he supply the warmth , she supply the coolness , and somehow , together they spark . in this , of course , he be much more elegant than in `` Vertigo . '' a charming film , good for a Sunday afternoon , good around Christmas -lrb- as part of it take place at Christmastime -rrb- , and great if you feel like smile .
the direction have clearly state that this film 's idea and plot be totally original ... however , as to those who have read ` slam dunk ' comic , we can clearly see that the character be very similar and even some joke ... <br /> <br /> another note be Jay Chow himself DO NOT know Kung Fu , it just will not impress anyone if he try to act like he can , many people today can see the difference . . luckily the movie do not contain much of kung fu fighting and much be enchance by stunner and visual effect ... <br /> <br /> I think that Jay 's acting be still a pain to watch , especially when almost everyone else in the film be so much better . the only reason I think why Jay be the main actor be simply be for he popularity . <br /> <br /> despite how hard I wish to stop anyone from watch this thus make this `` orginal '' movie get what it should not have , it have become one of the best budget film in China for this year .
I really love it although while read the review it be quite disturbing to I . . but as a anime art fan i can totally understand this perfect art work even though some of it be against my culture and believe . . but hey , it be the world of art . . !! the beginning of the film be very strong , strange and confusing.it 's hard to understand the contents which make I respect the one who make it.only someone who be extremely open can do such daring film . . it be absolutely not for kid . . even though the character be cute and adorable but they go through some disturbing adventure that can not be erase -lrb- sorry if the spelling be wrong -rrb- from one memory . .
in the area of movie base off of screenplay from some other area -lrb- or whatever the title for that Oscar be -rrb- , `` Holes '' have credibility . I think it be better to have the author create the screenplay because the author be the creator of the material . if the author can not write a screenplay to save they life , then have the author and someone fluently talent in the area of screenwrit create it . aside from that , this review be about `` Holes '' . <br /> <br /> the reason start here and a spoiler maybe find within . -lrb- 1 -rrb- Louis Sachar be a excellent author and it turn that he can write a screenplay . I watch the movie and then read the book and both do not reek incoherence or stupidity . some people just have natural talent that can transcend medium . -lrb- 2 -rrb- the best performance award go to shia labeouf for he portrayal as the main character . he `` dig '' himself into the role . I want to see he character vindicate before the conclusion . -lrb- 3 -rrb- to ratchet up the suspense a bit , Andrew Davis be bring in . this be the man that make Harrison Ford run hard and run fast . he also can make Steven Seagal smash some head . as for this film , he make shia and the rest of the boy dig some hole . in other word , he can make a `` action-packed '' movie and make it well even if `` action '' be not the main genre be not `` action '' . -lrb- 4 -rrb- my second favorite performance go to Jon Voight as Mr. Sir . sometimes a goofy role bring out the best in a performer . when Voight utter the line `` once upon a time ... '' , I must have laugh for half a minute because it be so funny . he be capable of comedy and he should investigate a few more role that let he to exercise that talent . -lrb- 5 -rrb- Tim Blake Nelson be very solid whenever he be give a solid script . this be probably the second best role I have see he in -lrb- second only to ' O Brother where Art thou ? ' -rrb- . -lrb- 6 -rrb- I love the choice of setting for the movie . I do not know California be that dry or that barren . I guess population and land area figure both can be misleading . -lrb- 7 -rrb- the overall look of the movie make I want another bottle of water . one could only imagine digging a hole in that barren area for half a day . -lrb- 8 -rrb- the rest of the cast should deserve a box of Kudos bar as well . Sigourney Weaver , Henry Winkler , Khleo Thomas , Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill be tap because of they talent and it gel very well . great cast even though it be anywhere near ensemble . -lrb- 9 -rrb- I like a movie that do not explain anything right away . when Stanley get clock in the head with those baseball cleat , it make I want to see how weird the event could get and that be a key ingredient in make a good movie . -lrb- 10 -rrb- Disney Pictures -lrb- not Touchstone , DISNEY !! -rrb- need to make a few more of these mature juvenile film . it be palatable for I and I be a college student . the last mature juvenile Disney film I see be `` something wicked this way come '' and `` Holes '' possibly exceed it -lrb- like the election in 2000 , it be still to close to call -rrb- . Disney can make greatness if they decide to expand on this genre and keep artistry in mind over milk a cash cow when they see it . ten reason give a score of ten ! <br /> <br /> all in all , `` Holes '' be one of my favorite Disney film and probably one of the best this year -lrb- grant this movie may not be Oscar material but whoever say Oscar material be the best material ? -rrb- . in term of be a movie from a book I have read , this rank behind `` fight Club '' on my list -lrb- which be on top -rrb- . for be a film I see in 2003 , this be in the top five -lrb- somewhere behind `` Mystic River '' -rrb- . compare against `` Harry Potter '' , Stanley Yelnats easily take a shovel to Harry 's head and bring the final death blow with a smelly sneaker to Potter 's nose . everybody should see this movie because it both inform and entertain . here end my rant !
while some performance be good-victoria Rowell , Adrienne Barbeau , and the two italian girlfriend come to mind-the story be lame and derivative , the emphasis on the girlfriend 's racial background be handle clumsily at best , and the relative be mostly portray as stereotype , not as real people . I find myself wince uncomfortably at many moment that be suppose to be funny . I can hardly comprehend why the local paper here in SF say this be a good movie , and wonder who post the glowing review here on imdb . very disappoint in this movie , and mad I actually go to a theatre to see it , base on the faulty connection to Garden State , which be a far funnier , more inventive , and touch movie than this one . I must especially mention the emotional climax in the church , which be so wooden and by-the-numbers that I nearly leave , and some in the audience actually DID . that be follow by a silly climax at the graveyard , which I see come 10 minute before it happen . I really do not like be mislead to spend my money so uselessly .
the last WAVE be never go to win over the mainstream audience . it be a slow-moving but fascinating film for those who be willing to go along with it . a australian property lawyer be ask to take on the case of five aborigine accuse in the murder of one of they own . all sort of portent and omen soon pop up , as the man 's death involve a tribal issue that be not mean for white man 's court , and pretty soon the lawyer be have trouble distinguish reality from fantasy . it look like the end of the world may be at hand , and he and the aborigine may know this but no one else do . Richard Chamberlain as the lawyer be at he peak here . David Guptil , a familiar face from several other australian flick and a decent actor , be one of the five aborigine on trial . the last WAVE be simply not for everyone , anymore than be MAGNOLIA -lrb- both happen to have strange thing fall from the sky -rrb- . check it out on a slow Saturday night .
Hiya folk , <br /> <br /> Well , this movie suck really . think `` Love actually '' in reverse . nothing fit quite right , nothing be coherent , and certainly nothing make you laugh . love be rare in this film . <br /> <br /> it be a total flop . as indicate however , there be three redeeming point about this mangled potential of a film . <br /> <br /> a -rrb- with a star billing of Jennifer Love Hewitt , there will be horde of guy who will submit with grace to view this just to catch a glimpse of the petite hewitt with form fitting clothing . to tell you now guy ... there be some promising scene ... but it be really weak eye candy . the `` possibility '' here be water down . nevertheless , I watch the whole thing tempt by the next scene of you know what ... titillate ! <br /> <br /> b -rrb- the end be romantic and positive . that it be contrary and `` over the top '' be relevant ... yet for I be still a positive point . <br /> <br /> c -rrb- Dougray Scott play a amourous friendly guy ... ... REFRESHING ! thank you ! <br /> <br /> 2/5 , not worthy of you 10 or so dollar . <br /> <br /> 2/3 's of the way through , I be convinced Jennifer Love Hewitt be become the next softcore legend . although I 'll take that back for now ... it hinge greatly on she next film . <br /> <br /> oh , and she sister be way stupid . she husband be way stupid ... and what the heck , she be way stupid . <br /> <br /> next time . can not wait for the next Love actually with jlh !
what fun ! bucketful of good humor , terrific cast chemistry -lrb- skelton/powell/lahr / O'Brien -rrb- , dynamite dorsey-driven soundtrack ! Miss Powell 's dance number have exceptional individual character and pizzazz . she most winning film appearance .
I have see many a horror flick in my time , all of they absurdly bad , but none reach the depths that this piece of trash lower itself to . this movie make I angrier and angrier as I watch it as I try to wrap my head around exactly what this movie be about . now , after I have see it , I understand - sort of - what be go on and why , but the movie itself be just too confusing to be enjoyable when you be watch it . yes , there be the customary scene of gratuitious violence , one-liner that show the mind-blowing insightfulness of its character -lrb- `` The highway belong to I ... me ! '' -rrb- , and enough nudity to sufficiently distract we from the `` plot '' , but still you 'll leave this movie feeling alone and take advantage of , like a puppy who be not want anymore and be leave in a box by the side of the road . Blech .
finally !!!!!!!!!!! I have be wait for this film to come out for almost a year , and finally see it at the premiere in sb . I meet a few of the actor , who be really nice and who be great in the movie . i watch the trailer so many time that i do not know what to expect but get totally suck in . the film be really beautiful to look at it and the music be good too . i recommend it to anyone who be a ryan donowho fan , and dominique swain be good in it too . the other actor be good also great . I hope it come out on dvd soon !!!!! <br /> <br /> i first get into ryan from watch the oc and then see he in a bunch of good indy like Imaginary Heroes . he be great in this film , and everything that he do that be indie . I also like Dominique but have not see she in as much . Hope to see they both in more soon !!!
the `` math '' aspect to this be merely a gimmick to try to set this tv show apart from the million of other cop show . the only redeeming aspect to this show be Rob Morrow , although he career must have be -lrb- undeservedly -rrb- wane after northern exposure if he sign up for this schlock . <br /> <br /> the lame-ness of the `` math '' aspect to the show be encapsulate in one episode co-star Lou Diamond Phillips -lrb- which just confirm that this show be the last refuge of the damned . -rrb- in order to catch a fugitive , the `` mathematician '' use some theory about `` bubble '' . so , he give this long explanation that , if we have see the suspect in place a , b and c , then we can use `` bubble theory '' to calculate where he might be . he do this all on a chalkboard , or maybe with a stick in the dirt -lrb- I cant remember -rrb- . <br /> <br /> anyway , when you look at the finish product , he basically take three spot , and pick a point right in the middle and say `` Ok , mathematically , here 's where we be most likely to find the fugitive . '' at which point , one other character point out `` oh , that point also happen to be the cabin where the guy use to live . '' be that math ? its not even connect-the-f ** k ** g-dot !!! this show remind I of the math major I use to work with in banking who have a mathematical analysis he could do to `` support '' point that every one else have already agree on through either less-complex analysis or basic common sense . <br /> <br /> it just go to show -- when you be a hammer , everything look like a nail . I can not wait til they stick the numb3r team on OSAMA ... they 'll use calculus , call a airstrike in the middle of the mountain , and hit Osama and not even scratch the five child he use as human shield ... cuz hey ... its all about the number . <br /> <br /> totally ludicrous tv show .
Bridges of madison county be a better make version of this story . I feel the ending of this movie be not handle sensitively as they do in the original English movie . this movie be very indianised , if you be a very sensitive person who cry in a movie when hero die in the end you 'll love this movie , on the other hand if you be a fighter in life and think cry be for wimp you may not like the ending.but on the whole it be pretty good subject be well handle for indian condition . Tabu be good as a caring wife and mother . everybody act well .
of the element that make this the best at this point , I have to say # 1 be Christine McIntire . Shemp 's scene when poison and she reaction be truly magnificent . I imagine that , as one poster suggest , Christine be try to hold back laughter during that scene , but it actually make she seem even more deliciously evil , to be smile at Shemp 's possibly die . <br /> <br /> another character who help this stand out be the Goon . he look be a great cross between horrific and comedic goof-ball . hardly a character I would choose to meet in a dark alley or , for that matter anywhere . I would have prefer a bit of true whodunit mystery in this , but hey , when a short be this good , who be go to complain . not i.
plotwise this be a rather silly little whodunnit masquerade as a period drama/biopic . <br /> <br /> however the only reason I want to see it in the first place be because I be curious about what the great Henry Fonda be really like at he peak . I be not disappointed - he produce a truly warm and charismatic performance . <br /> <br /> in addition I can honestly say that I be never really bore at any stage during the film , so a strong *** 1/2 out of *****
it be a bit bizarre and evil and i enjoy it a lot , the character in the show be great as well , and compliment one another well . I be sorry to see it cut off . . I would have love to see where it could have went.You find yourself lean toward Lucas Buck the sheriff who have more secret than anyone . Lucas be frightening and alluring . and I would have like to have see more of he and how he character become . I will however buy the show just to enjoy , it be great to something different on tv . and Paige Turrco who be Caleb 's cousin , she be a big mystery as to where and what she mean to Lucas . its a shame it be not around still . . or be never finish , i would have love to see what would have happen .
really a terrible movie . it be to be expect , though . clearly a low budget : nothing all that innovative , a actress -lrb- if you can call what she do `` act '' -rrb- who always have role with nudity in a shower scene , a man in a reptile suit almost model after predator , a cabin in the wood , etc. . but there be some redeeming point . although the story be not new , for the most part , there be a few part that be not so regurgitate . for one , the black guy do not die when he be attack -lrb- the first time -rrb- and he be not even one of the first couple to die . but that be minor . more importantly , there be a very interesting twist regard Kat 's experiment and Wes & Steve that I do not see come . when Steve tell Kat he know what she do , I believe what he say and what Kat reply with . but when the creature reveal who he really be , I be pleasantly surprise at the novelty of the revelation . it could be because of my lack of experience with the genre , or that it be a genuinely clever twist . <br /> <br /> either way , the movie 's pretty bad and do not watch it if there be anything better on ... unless you be in the mood for a cheap scifus flick .
attack Force have a horrendous title , and can almost certainly be judge by it be awful cover , because the film be horrible ! a mish-mash of plot line , a choppy mess , and a horribly stagnate pace , make the film hard to watch start to finish . I manage this and I be proud . as a fan of Seagal 's work -lrb- mostly of he old day -rrb- , it be painful to see he star in such tripe . true Seagal 's last half dozen movie or so , have suck a lot , but some of they at least have some redeeming feature . attack Force be a mess . from conception to delivery this film have undergo many change , from a alien plot line , to the current one about a highly addictive super drug , about to be unleash on the romanian -lrb- the film have several setting , none of which be romanian , but all look like Romania because they be in Romania ! -rrb- populace . the film be tack together with little regard for whatever state the original shooting script be . plot-hole and loose end be abound in the film that be for sure . that be be a problem in Seagal 's last few film as well , but never have the result be so boring . there be a whole plot line about the water supply be poison with ctx -lrb- that be the drug cool name -rrb- that be never resolve ! <br /> <br /> of course in recent year the plot 's have not be the main draw in the Seagal canon so there be a big onus on the other department , especially the action . before I regard the action though , all the other department be poor . the direction be poor , or perhaps better put , make to look poor . who know how director Michael Keusch originally intend this film ? between he finish he job , the re-shoot by stunt man Tom Delmar , and the editing , a coherent auteur vision be completely lose . the best way to describe the film be that it be just all over the shop ! the cinematography be dull , nearly induce sleep , while the droning score -lrb- sound like it be produce on the cheapest of cheap synthesizer -rrb- do nothing to excite matter . the cast too be poor , unable to salvage anything here . Seagal look bore beyond recognition , and be dub through much of the picture , clearly when plot-point be be change . he look tired and overweight , and lethargic , unlike he be look in previous picture too -lrb- remarkable as the aforementioned have be key complaint in Seagal 's recent picture -rrb- . the only redeemable cast member be Adam Croasdell as one of the villain , do a slimy brit routine . he seem to be a throwback to the alien plot line , because he be play it inhuman . he seem like a cross between a body snatcher and a vampire -lrb- ditto to the lead villain play by some hot chick who appear on occasion , seemingly wait for she husband ... Dracula -rrb- . <br /> <br /> finally the action . well it be poor . poorly conceive , poorly shoot . there be not much either , and there be even less feature Seagal . Stevo do not really bring out the stunt double here , because there be so little to do . there be even a lengthy -lrb- repetitive and boring -rrb- action scene on the hour mark that inter-cut occasionally with little flash of Seagal 's stand in because clearly Seagal be not there while the scene be be shoot , and they want to have he feature in the action scene . Seagal eventually appear in person to shoot two guy in the head . Seagal have a producer credit here and a script credit , but from what I understand the film have be alter behind he back to the current state it be in . Seagal will apparently not be work with these people again , or with Castel Studio 's who continue to deliver horrifically sub-nu-image -lrb- that be say something -rrb- , material . <br /> <br /> overall this be one to avoid if you be not a Seagal fan . Seagal fan can also be safe in the knowledge that the big man probably will not want to do anything this bad again . unfortunately he next film which have already be shoot , with the same people , promise to be even worse than this . *
although it be most certainly politically incorrect to be entertain by a drunk , there be such a charm to Dudley Moore 's portrayal of lovable lush , Arthur Bach one can not help but feel for this unique and wonderful character . how can you not be entertain by that infectious laugh and giggle and utter silliness . although I be not really a Liza Minnelli fan , she be really excellent as Linda Marolla and I could not picture anyone else in that role . Sir John Gielgud be the heart of the film and deserve he Oscar . the rest of the cast also excellent and that great tune `` Arthur 's theme '' , wow . truly this be one of the best comedy of the 1980 . great film get better with each viewing and that be the case with `` Arthur . ''
when I first pick this film up I be intrigue at the basic idea and eager to see what would happen . I be a fan of animation and love it when it be successfully merge with live action footage . however , the animation in this film be about all I enjoy . although it must be say that the actor ' performance be excellent . the visual look - include the animation - give a wonderfully unnerving air to the piece . however this be quality of unease be lose amongst the overblown imagery , both visual and in the script , that you be practically hammer over the head with . most annoying about this be the relative lack of importance to the plot . it seem that the plot be shoe horn in at irregular interval give a stuttering effect that detract massively from the flow of the piece . the voice over from Felisberto - especially the one at the end - very much feel like a desperate attempt to fill in gaping hole in the plot which have be ignore in favour of side issue such as the whole ant thing -lrb- and even that be not properly address -rrb- . I be afraid the whole piece come across as , at best , a ` reasonable first attempt ' , by a teenager who have spend far too much time read DH Lawrence . not what you expect from seasoned film maker at all .
I be uncertain what to make of this misshapen 2007 dramedy . attempt to be a new millennium cross-hybrid between on Golden Pond and the Prince of Tides , this film end up be a erratic mess shift so mercurially between comedy and melodrama that the emotional pitch always seem off . the main problem seem to be the irreconcilable difference between Garry Marshall 's sentimental direction and Mark Andrus ' dark , rather confuse screenplay . the story focus on the unraveling relationship between mother Lilly and daughter Rachel , who have drive all the way from San Francisco to small-town Hull , Idaho where grandmother Georgia live . the idea be for Lilly to leave Rachel for the summer under Georgia 's taskmaster jurisdiction replete with she draconian rule since the young 17-year old have become a incorrigible hellion . <br /> <br /> the set-up be clear enough , but the character be make to shift quickly and often inexplicably between sympathetic and shrill to fit the contrived contour of the storyline . it veer haphazardly through issue of alcoholism , child molestation and dysfunctional family until it settle into its pat resolution . the three actress at the center redeem some of the dramatic convolution but to vary degree . probably due to she off-screen reputation and she scratchy smoker 's voice , Lindsay Lohan make Rachel 's promiscuity and manipulative tactic palpable , although she become less credible as she character reveal the psychological wound that give a reason for she hedonistic behavior . Felicity Huffman be force to play Lilly on two strident note - as a petulant , resentful daughter to a mother who never get close to she and as a angry , alcoholic mother who start to recognize she own accountability in she daughter 's state of mind . she do what she can with the role on both front , but she effort never add up to a flesh-and-blood human being . <br /> <br /> at close to seventy , Jane Fonda look great , even as weather-beaten as she be here , and have the star presence to get away with the cartoon-like dimension of the flinty Georgia . the problem I have with Fonda 's casting be that the legendary actress deserve far more than a series of one-liner and maternal stare . between this and 2005 's execrable Monster-in-Law , it do make one wonder if she best work be behind she . it should come as no surprise that the actress ' male counterpart be completely overshadow . Garrett Hedlund look a little too surfer-dude as the naïve Harlan , a devout Mormon whose sudden love for Rachel could delay he two-year missionary stint . Cary Elwes play on a familiar suspicious note as Lilly 's husband , a unfortunate case where predictable casting appear to telegraph the movie 's end . <br /> <br /> there be also the omnipresent Dermot Mulroney in the morose triple-play role of the wound widower , Lilly 's former flame and Rachel 's new boss as town veterinarian Dr. Simon Ward . Laurie Metcalf have a barely-there role as Simon 's sister Paula , while Marshall regular Hector Elizondo and songsmith Paul Williams show up in cameo . some of Andrus ' dialogue be plain awful and the waver seriocomic tone never settle on anything that feel right . there be several small extra with the 2007 dvd , none all too exciting . Marshall provide a commentary track that have plenty of he trademark laconic humor . there be several delete scene , include three variation on the end , and a gag reel . a seven-minute making-of featurette be include , as well as the original theatrical trailer , a six-minute short spotlight the three actress and a five-minute tribute to Marshall .
if scientist behave in a way that H.G. Wells be confident they would in the future , history would not quite have turn out the way it do in thing to come . be almost 80 year past the point that Wells write the shape of thing to come on which this film be base and no closer to the world he describe than before , in some way farther away . <br /> <br /> though such well know player as Raymond Massey , Ralph Richardson , and Cedric Hardwicke be in the cast , they be more caricature than real character . it be the main weakness with the film , it be devote to Wells 's philosophy of science will solve all problem and the rest of we be backward fool . <br /> <br /> massey 's character , two generation of the same family hold that supremely optimistic view . Cedric Hardwicke be a skeptic who feel man be rush too far forward . and Ralph Richardson be a warlord arise from the destruction of another thirty year War fight with modern weapon . by the way as the atomic bomb have not be invent , poison gas be deem to be weapon that almost destroy mankind . <br /> <br /> accord to Wells , science and conquest can never mix . scientist as a group be far too above the world of politics to engage in such thing . in Wells 's lifetime scientist certainly flee the rightwing fascistic government of Hitler and Mussolini . those same folk however in order to defeat they , subordinate themselves to the Allies and fashion the atomic weapon that usher in the modern age . if they behave as Wells would have like they to , someone like Albert Einstein would have head a junta of scientist who would have establish a new order after World War II . <br /> <br /> Wells get it wrong both in time and in development . he apparently never envision the computer as well as atomic power . computer programmer be far more likely to be we ruler in a brave new world than scientist at the moment . still thing to come , aid by the direction of William Cameron Menzies and the set create offer a interesting glimpse into the mind of H.G. Wells , certainly a respect thinker of he time though he do not quite get right the shape of thing to come .
my first opinion on this movie be of course bad.i be expect a horrible , crappy acting , bad entertainment , ridiculous special effect movie.what I get be actually not that bad.the special effect be absolutely horrible , but I find the movie itself quite interesting , and the script be actually pretty good and decent.the acting be not that bad , and overall I have fun watch this movie.it 's still a pretty bad film , but it be not completely worthless like I think it be go to be , and I be pleased to know that this movie manage to wow I , even when it be not that good.overall , it be a film that should be avoid , but to I it be not as bad as I be expect it to be .
Yokai Monsters : spook warfare -lrb- yokaus daisenso , 2005 -rrb- a movie about `` yokai '' or traditional japanese `` monster '' of folklore . it be alternatively know as big monster war or as ghost on parade . <br /> <br /> the yokaus of the first installment include the teapot freak , kappa water imp , a living ` brella , a woman whose sheek can grow extremely gigantic , a woman with a second face on the back of she head , a dwarf priest with a enormous gourd-like wrist , & so on . <br /> <br /> these sort of whimsical monster derive not only from fairy lore , but from a type of summer entertainment of the Tokugawa Era , comparable to today 's Halloween haunt house , or the `` freak show '' of yesteryear but with exclusively phony freak . ghost & goldfish monster & dancing one-headed umbrella be trump up to create `` chill '' during the hot summer . the fatcheek woman & such be recreate by trick or illusion , base on monster depict in medieval scroll ; & if they design for the movie be a bit simple & hoky , this make they all the more representative of what historically be recreate for summer chill . <br /> <br /> these rather endearing monster have to face off & destroy a ancient babylonian vampire demon who have come to Japan & disguise himself as a samurai lord . despite that some of the japanese apparition be a bit goofy , & too many of the costume scarsely more than mask without even move lip as they speak , it be all play very poker-faced & be very charming . it have some beautiful cinematography , much as would be provide in a cgus film of the same decade . view in the right mood or with the right friend , it be exciting , move & touch . <br /> <br /> Yoshiyuki Kuroda also direct the famed Lone Wolf & Cub : White Heaven & Hell -lrb- 1974 -rrb- & and be the special fx director for the excellent daimajin trilogy . the Yokai Monsters series be not the equal of Majin at its best , but the Yokai be nevertheless great fun . the first miike movie which be the most child-oriented of he family film , with the GOZU & IZOO consecutively more serious though none too severe for young viewer .
after watch KHAKEE i feel i 'll get to watch another good film but sadly the film be a joke and actually try hard to introduce Aryeman Afterall he father Keshu be the producer <br /> <br /> rk speak so highly about the film during promotion , say the film have meat unlike film release that time , I wonder which film be he talk about <br /> <br /> the film be actually a typical Masala film with load of comedy , romance , action everything jumble <br /> <br /> the ease at which the kid kidnap the family , be one of the funniest part ever , imagine kid kidnapping Dawood 's family <br /> <br /> the end be a complete jumble mumble with sudden change of characterization <br /> <br /> rk give he weakest film till date , except some bachchan scene the film be a bear <br /> <br /> music be boring <br /> <br /> Amitabh try to give the role he all , he do he part well , though not he best though he contort he face too much when pull a trigger and do a weird look while smoke the cigar he dub too be not match properly at time <br /> <br /> Akshay be there for some minute and just repeat he act and ham <br /> <br /> aryeman seem expressionless , try too hard but overdo it in some scene <br /> <br /> bhumika emerge the best of the lot <br /> <br /> the rest be okay
the movie use a cut edge title for a lame story . kill kill , would have be nice . the movie incorporate taboo scene to make the viewer move back in they chair . the scene be unnecessary and choppy . the movie be something a novice screen writer could have conjure . just a waste of movie prop and network money . I have to write 10 line of text to critique this film when it be not worth 10 line of my time , but I have to push on to let the people know to avoid the nonsense . if people be count on you to choose a good movie for movie night , pick something else . if you have a soul do not damage it by subject yourself to this filth .
Red Eye be a thrilling film by the creator of Freddy Kreuger , Wes Craven . Wes Craven depict the story of a regular hotel worker Lisa . after attend the funeral of she grandmother , she decide to take the red eye flight . during wait , she meet this man name Jack Rippner , -lrb- how fffrreeaakkyy be that ? -rrb- and they sort of become friend . ironically , both sit right next to each other on this plane . then this be when the horror start . this movie be thrilling and to the weak hearted people who do not like thrilling/horror film , well let say that its possible that they might pee in they pants . this be a excellent example of a bone shake production . Wes Craven do well with this film . he choose the right actor , like Rachel McAdams , a intelligent , sexy girl who know what she be do and be cautious of everything when she be act in a film . Cillian Murphy , the scary and horrifying actor who can chill you bone at he amazing act be the bad character in this film , and he face can really widen you eye . Wes Craven do a excellent job and I hope that he make more film like this one .
it be not like I have overwhelmingly fond memory of Verhoeven 's original pants-down shocker - it always strike I as a glossy , well-made airport-novel-of-a-movie . Thrilling , sexy trash , but trash nonetheless . it be also a film that tap into a certain sexual zeitgeist . after a decade of anti-sex aids-induced hysteria , a film about a wildly-sexual hotbod who thrill-kill to heighten she sexual pleasure be pretty entice stuff . basic instinct 2 be always go to struggle to provide the same social relevance and immediacy , so the fact that it be desperate attempt at raunchiness be so lame can sort-of be overlook . all it really have to provide be that thin veneer of titillation and a mildly engaging story and all would have be watchable . that it resoundingly fail on so many level , and in such a way to be a career nadir for everyone involve , be really quite extraordinary to watch . let 's state the obvious for starter - Sharon Stone be too old for the part of sexual magnet Catherine Trammell . what be so photogenic thru Verhoeven 's lens look like mutton dress as lamb in the hand of gun-for-hire Michael Caton-Jones , who be flat , drab colour and static camera render she undeniable beauty totally moot . I like Sharon Stone a lot , but if the first film launch she career , bi2 could kill it . she have no chemistry with stuffed-shirt David Morrissey - they only sex scene be embarrassing too watch . he dough-faced mamma 's boy of a character make I yearn for the swaggering , orange-skin machismo of Michael Douglas . support turn by David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling waste these fine actor on talky exposition scene and cliché-heavy posturing . and what of the much-touted sexual shenanigan ? poorly-lit , fleetingly-glimpsed , as utterly mainstream as a episode of desperate housewife - the european sensibility that Verhoeven bring to the sexual content of the first film be sorely miss . do not watch this film for carnal thrill - there be none and what there be be tragic . the film be , as a whole , convoluted to the point of utter confusion , boring and laughable . the last 40 minute in particular , where you come to the realisation that the film be , in fact , not go to go anywhere of interest at all , be particularly gruelling and hilarious in equal measure . as a fail sequel , basic instinct 2 will come to occupy similar cinematic ground as exorcist 2 the Heretic , Beyond the Poseidon adventure and xxx2 . as a vanity project , it rival Battlefield Earth in its misconception . as a multi-million dollar piece of Hollywood film-making , it be a travesty that will be hard to top as the year worst .
I make a point out of watch bad movie frequently , and the sci-fus channel original movie tend to be one of the best source for these movie you can find . as such , I be sure you can imagine my disappointment when I see Sands of oblivion . the acting be uncharacteristically sub-par , as oppose to the woefully disgraceful display sci-fus usually have in store for we . there be a few cameo make by people you would most likely recognize , although you may not know they name by heart . the CGI special effect be minimal , and as such , one of the largest source of comedy in a sci-fi feature be lack . sure , there be some funny moment like when a guy get behead by a bulldozer , or when the main character leave he friend to die in order to save a girl he be know for a couple of day , but overall , it end up just not have you roll on the floor with laughter , and I consider that a major disappointment . <br /> <br /> if I be rating it on a 10 star scale make specifically to judge made-for tv movie , I would probably give it a 4 , maybe even a 5 . a real shame that I may have to wait 'till the next sci-fus original movie to get a good laugh , and I really hope that this movie be not part of some overall quality increase in sci-fi original movie .
this be one of those time when I have nothing to do with 27 premium movie channel available to I . the Theory of Flight grab I and hold my interest . I find it both touching and amusing , a nice combination of feeling . I recommend it !
this made-for-tv film be a brilliant one . this be probably the best and favourite role by BAFTA win John Thaw -lrb- Kavanagh Q.C. and Inspector Morse -rrb- . Tom Oakley -lrb- Thaw -rrb- widow man have live in a village alone for a while since he wife and son die , and now he have be land with a evacuee call Willaim Beech -lrb- Nick Robinson -rrb- . as he get to know this child he start to develop a friendship . until Willaim 's Mum -lrb- Annabelle Apsion -rrb- want he back . after Tom get worry about William not contact he he go to London to find he . in the end Willaim get he home with a loving family -lrb- or Dad -rrb- . set during the second World War this be a excellent film . it be nominate the BAFTA Lew Grade award , and it win the National Television award for most Popular drama . John Thaw be number 3 on tv 's 50 Greatest Stars . very good !
quite average even by Monogram standard , this mystery -lrb- a remake of the sphinx -rrb- have a oddball plot which be not unravel to much effect -- you 'll see through it after about ten minute . the two lead have some nice breezy dialog at the outset , but John Hamilton be hopelessly dull as the villain -lrb- perfectly cast Lionel Atwill originate the role -rrb- and Warren Hymer 's nitwit shtick be pretty annoying . however , it be worth sit through for a five-minute appearance by the incomparable Mantan Moreland as Nicodemus the janitor , who get the better of the defense attorney during a hilarious courtroom appearance . you have get to hand it to Bill `` One-Take '' Beaudine ; he be not much of a director , but he would always punch up a routine programmer with some goofy vaudeville .
a must see movie for anyone who ever go to camp , or want to . this film capture the absolute essence of what summer camp be all about . it be funny , it be compassionate it make you want to watch more about the character once the credit begin to role . if you have not see this movie . . what be you do ? get off you butt and run the video store . have a great summer :-rrb-_NN
I thoroughly enjoy this flick . I be of the firm belief that Matt Stone and Trey Parker be comic genius of we time . they have the uncanny ability to add this level of absurdity to pop culture and make it rediculous but in a realistic way ... if that make any sense . this be mainly what make South Park soooo funny . once you get past the fact that it be probably the most vulgar and indiscreet cartoon ever , you see in every episode the message that be be convey . that be apparent in BASEketball . although it be direct by David Zucker and be utterly rediculous , it have a sincere message about corporate America and the disgrace that be major league sport . I be also a fan of sport so I find this movie hilarious at time because it be so true in that bizarre way that people hate to love . the opening prologue be brilliant ... tear from laughter form everytime I see those football player begin Riverdance ! some may not like this movie because it be just not everyone 's cup of tea ... but , just like South Park , once you look past the absurdity ... it have a really genuine message that be convey through literal comic genius . I give this movie 8 out of 10 star .
the most succinct way to describe ride with the Devil be with but one word : authenticity . I will not rehash what have already be say about this wonderous film , but I would like to say how much the historical research and painstaking attention to detail the crew no doubt go through be appreciate by this filmgoer . <br /> <br /> as a student of history familiar with the period and setting of this film , I must say that this production be one of the most accurate fictional film regard `` bleed Kansas '' . yes there be liberty take on the actual event , as all fiction be apt to do . but the overall feel of the film be genuine . authentic costume , authentic attitude -lrb- no pc hindsight here -rrb- even the actor look authentic.Even Jewel Kilcher -lrb- who have a small part in the film -rrb- look like she step form a mid 19th century photograph . <br /> <br /> a few viewer I talk with have express they incredulity at the stylized dialog . they can not believe that 19th century farmer would `` talk like poet '' . <br /> <br /> what they do not realize be that in this age of verbal slobbishness , the american public public of the 19th century be a surprisingly literate and eloquent bunch . these people be raise on Shakespeare and the King James version of the Bible . the screenwriter reconstruct the most likely verbal style of these people , judge from documentation of the time . the stylized dialog just add to the magical atmosphere of the film . <br /> <br /> but in addition to a historical document , this film work on a visceral level as well . beautifully photograph and perform , it harken back to the day of the great western epic . the raid on Lawrence , Kansas , do so many time before in so many other , lesser film be portray with a sense of urgency that put the viewer right in the midst of the action . <br /> <br /> romance , adventure , moral and ethical conflict.this film have everything a discerning moviegoer could want . <br /> <br /> in a year that be dominate by overhyped garbage like american Beauty , this great artwork be bury by a indifferent studio system . but I be certain that ride with the Devil will be give it be due in the come year . please rent this film . you will not be disappoint .
this film be one of Tom Cruise 's finest film . he capture the audience imagination with he role of David Aames . he character can relate to we all in some way.the story line be very clever and keep the audience on edge throughout the whole film . I never really watch cruise movie that much before but after see this it show I he true talent . my favourite part in the movie be the end where it all come to a big conclusion and he find out the truth . if you have not see this yet you definitely should give it a try . it be one of those film that once you have start watch it you just get to see it until the end or it will keep you think and you will regret it . my opinion be you should just go buy it and take a risk that what I do and it become one of my favourite film of all time . it be a * 10/10 I promise once you watch it , it will stick with you and you will like it forever .
when I be a kid , I totally love both Bill & Ted Movies . the other night , Bogus Journey be on and since it be at least 5 year since I last see it , I decide to tune in . and I love it all over again ! this film be still funny after all those year . ` excellent adventure ' be better , but this one rock just the same . sure , some of the perfomance be a bit cheesy , but hey , this entire film be cheesy in a cool way . plus it feature the coolest personation of death ever in a movie ! conclude : totally like non bogus movie dude ! way excellent ! station !!!
especially for a time when not much science fiction be be film -lrb- 1973 -rrb- , this be a terrific vision of a future where everything have go wrong . too many people , and nothing work . the only people who can live in comfort be the rich . it be set in New York in 2022 -lrb- I think -rrb- , and it remind you of you worst vision of Calcutta . <br /> <br /> I get to appreciate Charlton Heston 's act after see he in Orson Welles ' touch of Evil . he be -lrb- maybe be -rrb- capable of portray a range of heroic or semi-heroic people . here , he be tear between be a cop who be just a little bit corrupt -lrb- take rare food treat from the rich -rrb- , and be totally corrupt -lrb- actively condone evil -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the movie all seem to take place at night , and sweat be drip off everyone , except in one of the rare air-conditioned apartment . even though I have not see it before , I know the famous ending -lrb- which will not here be reveal -rrb- , but the end be certainly foreshadow . <br /> <br /> great scene with Edward G. Robinson : go to the council -lrb- make up of elderly Jews with heavy accent , so it seem -rrb- , where the truth be reveal . and then go off to the Thanatopsis to check out . <br /> <br /> Gritty , pre-star war dystopian science fiction .
somewhere , bury very deep inside this film be a half-way decent movie try to get out . the only trace be a few early scene in Los Angeles -lrb- in a bar and a graveyard -rrb- and thereafter a couple of piece of production design . like I say , bury very deep . one of the biggest challenge face by movie involve the supernatural be how to have character react believably in unbelievable situation . Annie Mcenroe 's reaction to be tell that she sister -lrb- presumably Dee Wallace from the first movie -rrb- be -lrb- be ? -rrb- a werewolf be , if I recall , along the line of ; `` oh ! really ? '' . not one of the better response to say challenge . the non sequitir continue as the story move to Trannsylvania in search of Stirba the -lrb- apparently self-appointed -rrb- `` Queen of the Werewolves '' . as Stirba , Sybil Danning be the two best thing in the movie . yes , even better than the werewolf group-sex scene , Reb Brown 's acting , and the oddly simian-looking werewolf suit . the end credit have assume minor legend status and be available in all they glory -lrb- at least until the censor find they -rrb- on Youtube . check they out to see why and remember , the whole film make about the same amount of sense . if you happen to catch this on US television the credit have be re-edit to replace the endlessly repeat shot of Danning rip off she top with another endlessly repeat shot of she rip open a cloak only this time she have some kind of top on underneath . it be a sort of absurdity , cherry-on-top moment which defy satire .
I can not believe this show be still rate a 9 out of 10 . I could see if those vote be in the first 2 season , but what would possess anyone to continue to rate it high after that ? I be a huge fan the 1st season . I be hooked - all the mystery , suspense , unexplained event . you never know what be go to happen next . by season 2 , I be still watch faithfully , but be get a little frustrated that some basic thing have yet to be explain . and instead of give you more answer , it just seem like more question . I love suspense , but you have to throw people a bone every now and then to keep they watch . <br /> <br /> now , I can not even remember what finally turn I off , but somewhere in season 2 , I have enough . I be not a big fan of appointment viewing - and you clearly can not miss a episode to stay up on what be happen . so , it be no longer worth the effort to I . <br /> <br /> it be a shame that they could not have be a little smarter and more considerate of the loyal fan . I agree with some of the poster that it appear ABC just get greedy and decide to see how long they can stretch this show out . do not they realize that in the end , they be go to lose more fan than they could possibly gain .
the quality of this movie be simply unmatched by any baseball title of its time . Pam Dixon branch out in the film industry to recruit blue-chip prospects and make this work of art a must-see . Academy award winner Brenda Fricker -lrb- Home alone : lose in New York , A Time to kill -rrb- , Ben Johnson -lrb- the last Picture Show , Red Dawn -rrb- , and Adrien Brody -lrb- the pianist , the Village -rrb- amplify the atmosphere of the movie , draw in a anxious audience . however , the dramatic performance be neutralize by quirky radio broadcaster Jay O. Sanders -lrb- JFK , the day after tomorrow -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the story be centralize around a foster child , up-and-coming actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt -lrb- Brick , the lookout -rrb- . Sidekick Milton Davis Jr. deliver a tear-jerking performance as the longtime friend who never know he parent . the two do not have much , but what they do have : Angels ' baseball , and what they be seek : identity . that be when 4-time Emmy Nominee Danny Glover -lrb- Lethal Weapon , Predator 2 -rrb- come in to save the day as frustrated Angels Manager , George Knox . in relation , all character in the story seem to have the same mission : search within themselves to find out who they really be . <br /> <br /> depress over the fact that Roger -lrb- JGL -rrb- be separate from he father , he wish to God for reunification if the Angels can take the pennant . odds be astronomical , but 3-time emmy winner Christopher Lloyd -lrb- back to the Future , my Favorite Martian -rrb- come in as the omniscient overseer to work a little magic -lrb- pun -rrb- . before you know it , Al -lrb- Lloyd -rrb- be sit with Roger in the stand , snack on cracker jack , and cause some of baseball 's biggest boner ! Dorothy Kingsley and George Wells ' -lrb- dk Oscar Nominee GW Oscar winner -rrb- 1951 screenplay be do justice under the finger of mastermind William Dear -lrb- nominate in director guild of America -rrb- . he include a touching side story center around pitcher Mel Clark , play by Tony Danza -lrb- 4-time Golden Globe nominee , Emmy nominee -rrb- , who in relation to all other cast member be just try to find he place in a confused Anaheim . Clark have be dub a wash-up , a once big-name in Cinci , but he have something to prove to Manager Knox . <br /> <br /> spoil this nail-biting plot would simply be the equivalent to commit adultery in the 18th century . this one be a diamond in the rough , and it will keep you on the edge of the seat until all come to peace . do I mention a cameo by Matthew McConaughey -lrb- a time to kill , we be Marshall -rrb- for all you lady out there ?
as in Amelie , recent french film seem to be take a stereotypical male-female relationship slant , center on a female find she one true love . in this case , desperation lead to a convict , which lead to she evolution into a mob prototype . clever and surprising story in many way , except that the female be there to support the male . <br /> <br /> for those of we that do not speak French , the subtitle be a little quick , but not unreasonable . <br /> <br /> the soundtrack , as seem to be increasingly the case with european film , be great and in perfect sync with the film 's variation . nothing seem force . visually , it remind I of various urban horror movie . there be a Wes Craven in Chicago feel to it .
this tear-teaser , write by Steve Martin himself , be so unbelievably bad , it make you sick to you stomach ! <br /> <br /> the plot be pathetic , the act awful , and the dialogue be even more predictable than the end . <br /> <br /> avoid at all cost !
I think this could have be a decent movie , and some of its part be ok ... but in whole it be a b movie . same about the plot , part be ok but it have several hole and oddity that do not quite add up . acting be mostly ok , I have see worse of this too . :-rrb- <br /> <br /> the beginning set the level , with car drive in the desert , make `` cool '' but totally unnecessary jump through some small dune -lrb- in slow motion ! cool ! -rrb- , like the driver have never see sand before ... it get slightly better from there , but not much . <br /> <br /> if you be gon na rent this , get another one too and use this one as a warm-up . keep expectation low and it might work for you .
this be about the worst movie I have ever see . this movie do match the quality of such movie as `` THEY '' & `` Cabin fever '' , but even those have name actor where this one fall short . the `` eye candy '' of this movie look to be a 50 woman with a bad face lift . -lrb- just a example of the quality -rrb- . I would have rate this movie in the negative if possible . Ladies I have to tell you that the man be not bad to look at , but not much either . if you be plan on go to see this movie I would strongly recommend save you money .
I give this marriage 3 year and that stretch it . Adrianne Curry be foul mouth , spoil , control , loud , and she bus sexual past make I laugh . she tell Chris he have a image to protect and must avoid strip club . he marry she . Chris have low self esteem and from a different time warp . I have nothing against Adrianne Curry but this combination be not gon na have a happy ever after end . she mother say he be a old rooster and think this be he last attempt to recapture he youth . here 2 very good people who be gon na end up in a nasty divorce . I do not think he old '' Brady Family '' be gon na fit into he new life . I see they be shut out . Chris say he friend be more important than he family . the support he and be there for he .
we watch this in my Women 's Health Issues class to point out how woman be treat inferior to man in many society , and I absolutely love this movie . I plan on try to get a copy of it myself to watch . the story be very touching and I would recommend it to anyone . I be a fan of different culture and this movie be just what I need . this be a movie for the whole family despite its rating . this be a movie I will show to my child . the professor of we class mean for the movie to primarily be a too to educate about woman , but this movie be more than that . it be one of those movie that will forever stick out in my mind and will be a favorite .
I reach the end of this and I be almost shout `` no , no , no , no ! it can not end here ! there be too many unanswered question ! the engagement of the dishwasher ? Mona 's disappearance ? Helmer 's comeuppance ? the `` zombie '' ? be little Brother save by he father ? and what about the head ??????? '' argh !! then I read that at least two of the cast member have pass on and I have to say , I know it probably would not be true to Lars von Trier 's vision , but I would gladly look past replacement actor just to see the end he have plan ! grant , it would be hard to find someone to play Helmer as the character deserve . Helmer , the doctor you love to hate ! I think I have yet to see a more self-absorbed , oblivious , self-righteous character on screen ! but , I could overlook a change in actor ... I just have to know how it end !
I will keep this as short as possible as this piece of crap barely warrant a mention . ZOMBIE 90 be one of the worst film ever make - right up there with schnaa ' other horrible zombie entry - ZOMBIE DOOM -lrb- aka violent sh!t 3 -rrb- . these film suck so bad that everyone involve in they creation should be shoot . I somehow manage -lrb- barely ... -rrb- to sit through ZOMBIE DOOM - but ZOMBIE 90 be so horribly inept - even when compare to Schnaas ' other horrible film - that I have to fast-forward through everything after the first 10 minute . ZERO act skill , inept gore , horrible camcorder-style camera-work , ridiculous dubbing ... it just go on and on . I really can not find a single thing redeeming about this garbage - and I can usually find SOMETHING redeeming in just about ANY film . this truly be one of the worst film ever make - you have be warn ... 1/10
this be one of those film that I remember be in the can for year before anything happen w/it . I do not think it be terrible , but it be not really good either . Alec Baldwin be pretty good , but the plot be it kind of flimsy at best . the cast be pretty good in what they be give , but again you be only as good as the script . Baldwin direct this although I could have swear he do not direct all of it , I think I read somewhere or lot of re-shoot be not bad but he definitely have some potential in there . although he work on `` 30 Rock '' be nothing short of genius & should keep he busy for a little while longer . I just hope the show bow out gracefully a la Seinfeld , but maybe not even that long . 9 year it go . so if you want to see a film that you will not get much from , but will not really hate either well this be for you . I can not remember the last time a film have be wrap so long before finally be release & only on dvd at that . it be nice to see Alec Baldwin & Anthony Hopkins again together since they excellent yet not much people have see `` the Edge . '' now pick up that excellent film for some real entertainment .
this film be exactly what you get when you really over stretch you ability , it be like someone who have just pass there drive test and then pit they in a formulum 1 Grand Prix -lrb- not I might add , the US Grand Prix as everyone might pull out due to dodgy tyre and you might just win -rrb- , that be how far short this film fall . now do not take this the wrong way , I love b-movie , around half my collection be make of b-movie but I do not think there be enough letter in the alphabet to describe how bad this film be . <br /> <br /> First of the story -lrb- for a b-movie -rrb- be not that bad , it have potential there to make a b-movie brand , be not talk Friday 13th potential , but potential none the less . but what really let this film down be the act , at not one second do I believe anything , it be like watch QVC except the presenter on QVC tend to have a heavier tan . <br /> <br /> in summary I would like to say I have see worse film , but I can not .
as you may know , the subject here be to ask eleven director from all over the world to make each a short movie of 11 minute , 9 seconds and one frame . we have here : - Samira Makhmalbaf -lrb- Iran -rrb- : what afghan refugee kid can understand to the tower collapse ? well , nothing . a great lesson . - Claude Lelouch -lrb- France -rrb- : a weak plot with a great cinematography ... just imagine a deaf woman living by the WTC who see without understand it that she dog bark ... well just see it . - Youssef Chahine -lrb- Egypt -rrb- : the greatest oriental movie maker have compassion ... for everyone : for a we soldier who die ten year ago , for the people in the Wtc but also for a palestinian suicide-terrorist . maybe the less tender movie towards the we . - Danis Tanovic -lrb- bosnia hrzgovia -rrb- : good image , make we travel , for sure ... not a very good plot . Idrissa Oudraogo -lrb- Burkina Faso -rrb- : from one of the poorest country in the world , a tender and funny story about five boy who want to capture Osama Bin Laden ... and they could have do it but nobody believe they when they tell they know where he be . Ken Loach -lrb- uk -rrb- : September 11 , 1973 , the Chile enter in a twenty-years long bloody dictature . thousand of death , torture : all that be offer to Chile by Henry Kissinger and the CIA , and know this change very much you point of view ! I guess that be because of that particular short that no american movie distribution company accept to release the movie in we theater ! Loach forget to point that 1973 be also the year when the WTC be build ! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu -lrb- Mexico -rrb- : impress image that we all know too well , and a lot of black screen . I do not get this one very much , it be more a artist video -lrb- to show in a exhibition -rrb- than a movie . - Amos Gitaï -lrb- Israël -rrb- : a absurd ballet of policeman , journalist , etc. , around a burning car in Jerusalem . very well do . - Mira Nair -lrb- India -rrb- : about the anti-islamic feeling that follow september the 11th . very good actualy . - Sean Penn -lrb- we -rrb- : a funny little story that remind we a fact usualy forget , the WTC do have a huge shadow , and some place now have a daylight they never have . - Shohei Imamura -lrb- Japan -rrb- : a different one . here there be not even one word about the WTC , and the action take place at the end of WWII . it have only one message : no war be holy . this short movie give very deep feeling , but the director aparently would have do better with more than 11 minute . -- so -- a great movie , a great attempt to take the world 's temperature . I love it .
leave it to Braik to put on a good show . finally he and Zorak be live they own life outside of Spac ghost Coast to Coast . I have to say that I love both of these show a whole lot . they be completely what start adult swim . Brak make it big with a album that come out in the year 2000 . it may not have be platinum , but he show be really popular to ton of people out there that love adult swim show . I have to say that out of all the adult swim show with no plot , this have to be the one with the most none plot ever make . that be why I like it so much , it be just such a classic in the adult swim history . I believe this be just such a great show , if you do not like it . hey there be ton who hate it and ton who love it .
my goodness be this movie bad . I be totally mislead by my local movie review because this be certifiable garbage . yeah , yeah , good guy wear white , bad guy wear black ... and the good guy always win . now go home and hug you kid , and feel how good Hollywood have make you feel . Blech ! I can not believe this brain dead movie be make by Wes Craven . I be guess he need a little money to pay the mortgage , so he make this piece of dung . it be the sort of production that make anyone who watch movie regularly believe they could do as good or better than such a experienced director . <br /> <br /> ya see , a bad guy want a sweet girl who love she daddy to do a wittle il ' bad thing or he be gon na hurt she daddy . but be Ms. All-American girl next door , we know she be gon na save the day and beat the bad guy ... the end . Girl power rock . <br /> <br /> c'mon now , only a idiot would find this entertaining ... `` a roller coaster ride , '' let alone something fresh or new . all those `` super-duper '' review you see on this site be from industry hack who be either make money off this flick , pay back a favor , or they have sell they soul to the devil . <br /> <br /> Rachael McAdams be beautiful ... yup , that be it . not a good performance , not a horrible one ... she be just cute . she would have have to show a whole lot of skin to save this movie . she be not tough enough to be a good female action lead . <br /> <br /> Cillian Murphy be at least passable in 28 day . but here he play a dumb villain pretend to be a smart one . he get he ass kick to and fro by the 5 ' 5 '' McAdams , because after all , she be a cheerleader ... and a field hockey player ... and I be sure she own all the Tae Bo tape ... so she should be able to kick the crap out of a international terrorist for hire . I would not trust he to steal a pack of gum from 7-11 . <br /> <br /> ya see , this movie be do before , except before they do it well . go re-rent any of the die hard movie . you have love one in danger , international terrorist , except the character be more likable and believable and the bad guy be WAY more competent and interesting . I simply do not understand how Hollywood can continue to make such crap as if they be oblivious to the proper model they can readily copy . no wonder movie revenue be down . <br /> <br /> throw you $ 6 down the toilet and save yourself 2 hour of you life you 'll never get back . <br /> <br /> ciao , FreddyShoop
this movie be the first of the six infamous Guinea Pig Movies and be one of the best . at the same time , it look realistic and unrealistic , just know that the movie be fake . the story be about a woman who get capture and be tortured in a lot of different way . a man in the beginning of the story receive a letter without a return address , and it include a manga video , show the torture . the man who capture she be test the limit of a human before they die . some scene be shocking , such as the eyeball scene and other be not shocking like the girl be punch 100 time , because you see punch in nearly every movie . this movie have a lot of gore so I would recommend this to people 17 or older . <br /> <br /> 9/10
one question that must be ask immediately be : would this film have be make if the woman in it be not the aunt and cousin of Jacqueline Lee bouvier Kennedy Onassis ? <br /> <br /> the answer be : probably not . <br /> <br /> but , thankfully , they be -lrb- or be -rrb- the cousin and aunt of Jackie . <br /> <br /> this documentary by the Maysles brother on the existence -lrb- one could hardly call it a life -rrb- of Edith B. Beale , Jr. , and she daughter Edith bouvier Beale -lrb- Edie -rrb- , have the same appeal of a train wreck -- you do not want to look but you have to . <br /> <br /> big Edith and Little Edie live in a once magnificent mansion in East Hampton , New York , that be slowly decay around they . the once beautiful garden be now a jungle . <br /> <br /> magnificent oil painting lean against the wall -lrb- with cat fece on the floor behind they -rrb- and beautiful portrait of they as young woman vie for space on the wall next to cover of old magazine . <br /> <br /> live alone together for many year have break down many barrier between the two woman but erect other . <br /> <br /> Clothing be seem to be optional . Edie 's favorite costume be a pair of shorts with panty hose pull up over they and bit and piece of cloth wrap and pin around she torso and head . <br /> <br /> as Edith say `` Edie be still beautiful at 56 . '' and indeed she be . there be time when she be almost luminescent and both woman show the beauty that once be there . <br /> <br /> there be a constant undercurrent of sexual tension . <br /> <br /> they eating habit be -lrb- to be polite -rrb- strange . ice cream spread on cracker . a dinner party for Edith 's birthday of Wonder Bread sandwich serve on fine china with plastic utensil . <br /> <br /> time be irrelevant in they world ; as Edie say `` I do not have any clock . '' <br /> <br /> they relationship with man be oh-so-strange . <br /> <br /> Edie feel like Edith thwart any of she attempt at happiness . she say `` if you can not get a man to propose to you , you might as well be dead . '' to which Edith reply `` I 'll take a dog any day . '' <br /> <br /> it be obvious that Edith do not see she role in Edie 's lack of male companionship . early in the film she state `` France fall but Edie do not . <br /> <br /> sometimes it be difficult to hear exactly what be be say . both woman talk at the same time and constantly contradict each other . <br /> <br /> there be a strange relationship with animal throughout the film ; Edie feed the raccoon in the attic with wonder bread and cat food . the cat -lrb- and there be many of they -rrb- be everywhere . <br /> <br /> at one point Edie declare `` the hallmark of aristocracy be responsibility . '' but they seem to be unable to take responsibility for themselves . <br /> <br /> this be a difficult film to watch but well worth the effort .
Dennis Hopper and JT Walsh steal the show here . Cage and Boyle be fine , but what give this neo-noir its juice be Hopper 's creepy , violent character and JT Walsh 's sneakiness . <br /> <br /> a drifter get mistaken for a hit-man , and try to make a little dough out of it , but get in over he head . <br /> <br /> I find a strange parallel in the opening scene of this movie , when Cage walk into a trailer in Wyoming to get drilling work , with the help of he buddy ... and the opening scene in Brokeback Mountain , when the character do the same thing ! but that be another story . <br /> <br /> Dennis Hopper be at he best here ... cocky , one-step-ahead villainous , seething and explosively violent . JT Walsh -lrb- rip -rrb- be also great as the man with a dark past , try to live legitimately -lrb- well , almost -rrb- . <br /> <br /> there be only 4 real character of note here , with the exception of the hard-working deputy in the town of Red Rock , Wyoming . the first twist hit early on , and from there it be a nice neo-noir adventure in some sleepy little town . Satisfying . 8 pt .
a family move into a old house in Japan . but there be a catch it be haunt -lrb- BOO !!! -rrb- . aw , do not mean to make you jump . it be only a review . settle back down . Ahem , now anyway it be haunt by a old samurai who kill he wife & she lover in slow motion . this naturally make a 3 minute scene stretch out to about 7 or 8 . horrid acting . horrid story . but how bad can it be you ask ? well it be so bad my brain start to melt & leak out through my nose in thoughtful drip . it be so bad whenever Doug McClure come on-screen I pray that i have flashback of small wonder -lrb- yes , i know Doug be in `` out of this world '' & not `` small wonder '' , but it be pretty much the same damn show , & i can hum the `` small wonder '' theme better -rrb- there be movie that be so bad they be good . this be not one of those <br /> <br /> where i see it : Showtime Beyond <br /> <br /> my Grade : f - <br /> <br /> Eye candy : Mako Hattori get topless , Susan George get 2 love scene -lrb- one nude , one just topless -rrb- <br /> <br />
Bonanza have a great cast of wonderful actor . Lorne Greene , Pernell Whitaker , Michael Landon , Dan Blocker , and even Guy Williams -lrb- as the cousin who be bring in for several episode during 1964 to replace Adam when he be leave the series -rrb- . the cast have chemistry , and they seem to genuinely like each other . that make many of they weakest story work a lot better than they should have . it also make many of they best story into great western drama . <br /> <br /> like any show that be shoot over thirty episode every season , there be bind to be some weak one . however , most of the time each episode have a interesting story , some kind of conflict , and a resolution that usually do not include violence . while Bonanza be a western , the gunfighting be never feature as the main attraction . while I be a fan of the rifleman and want : dead or alive ; those show usually end with a gunfight . gunfight be how many western resolve every conflict , and Bonanza be very different in try to seek peaceful resolution and harmony instead of killing . <br /> <br /> in the early year of Bonanza , there be some interesting episode that do feature a lot of gunfight . those episode stand in contrast to the rest of the series , but they be pretty good in and of themselves . in 1964 , when Pernell Whitaker want to leave the show , Guy Williams be bring in to replace he . Williams be play the role of a long-lost cousin . unfortunately , Whitaker decide to stay one more year , and thus Williams be write out of the series when he move away to marry Adam 's old girlfriend . if Williams have stay on for the duration of Bonanza , one can only wonder how much better the series would have be in the year after 1965 , when Pernell Whitaker leave the show . <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly , once Pernell Whitaker leave the series , the story focus more on comedy and country hijink . Whitaker have often play the heavy in many episode , and he absence leave a void in the cast . little Joe always want to play the nice kid , and Hoss always want to play the good old boy with a heart of gold . since Ben be the kind and wise patriarch of the family , that do not leave too much room for any gunfight . <br /> <br /> at some point they hire a ranch hand call candy -lrb- David Canary -rrb- who become they fourth member of the cast , but candy be never feature in any gunfight , and he be hardly more than a older version of little Joe . for a year or two they also have Ben take in some other lose cousin -lrb- Jamie , play by the forgettable Mitch Vogel -rrb- who be a teenager that be usually get into some kind of trouble with someone . <br /> <br /> apparently by add the teenager , the studio be look to attract younger viewer . it also give the writer a chance to write episode about teenage problem , alcohol , delinquency , etc. . those kind of preachy episode be popular in the 1960 as a reaction of the establishment media to the counter-culture movement . Dragnet be probably the most popular source of law and order tv , though Hawaii 5-0 , the F.B.I. and many other show also try to jump on the bandwagon by do tv show that feature irresponsible teenager cause mischief , mayhem , and crime . <br /> <br /> the addition of a teenager to the cast give the Cartwrights more chance to show up and solve problem , but those episode feel very contrived and be not very good in general . after Dan Blocker die , the series limp along for another year or so before it be cancel . the last season be pretty bad , as it feature little Joe track down the killer of he wife , and most of the episode be somewhat depressing because little Joe be usually drinking or otherwise remember how much he love he wife , and how unfair it be that she be kill . <br /> <br /> I do not think I have ever see the last episode of the series , and I wonder if they ever officially wrap it up in some way . by the last year , there be only Ben -lrb- Lorne Greene -rrb- actually live on the Ponderosa , as Adam have move away -lrb- and never come back even once as a guest -rrb- and Hoss have die and little Joe have leave after he wife -lrb- in the series -rrb- have be kill by drifter . <br /> <br /> overall , the era from 1959-1965 be the best of this series . once Adam leave , it slowly decline . most of the show before 1970 be pretty good too . by 1970 , the series be try to hard to be hip and topical , and it have lose a lot of its western flavor . the addition of candy and the teenage kid also dilute the general quality of the show , and the death of Hoss -lrb- Dan Blocker -rrb- be the final nail . Bonanza be probably the best western series ever make , and of the 465 episode that be produce , at least one hundred of they be excellent western drama ! that be a pretty good record . even the worst of Bonanza be better than a lot of other tv show .
this be what I call a growth movie . every character be different and better at the end - and it be all because one woman know that the place they have choose be a `` tub of love '' . Josie Lawrence , who be best know as a comedienne , really shine as the woman who bring about all these change . even the man in this film go from be self-centered to better man . the book stay very true to the novel , which be a plus in my book , since I be a librarian . the scenery breath-taking and the message of love genuine .
I be babysit a family of three small child for a night and they mother give I this to show for they have just grab it at Wal-Mart earlier in the week . all three child actually get physically ill while watch it . I be pretty sure it be the pizza they eat , or something they all have pick up from school , but really it could have be this film . absolutely disgusting . how any one can produce this caliber of trash be beyond I . fortunately , I turn off the film when I notice the child be not respond and act strangely . for any parent out there , I strongly advise you to refrain from let young child view this movie .
everyone do thing that they later regret . thing that they wish they could blame on drug or alien possession . thing that although seem rational at the time , later reveal themselves to be engrave invitation for suffer and endless recrimination of stupidity . <br /> <br /> for some people it be sign the note for the new Hummer , for other it be pick up a homicidal hitchhiker , for still other it be send they bank account information to third world millionaire mysteriously strap for cash . <br /> <br /> for I it be a film . <br /> <br /> d-war : Dragon Wars in hindsight , I should have guess how environmentally friendly and thoroughly recycle this movie would turn out to be from its stutter and repeat title . but with my willing suspension of disbelief intact , and a naive faith stem from the cool look poster in the lobby , I really want this film to work . sadly , by the time the old man in the pawnshop explain the entire backstory , fifteen minute into the picture , I have the sudden , sink revelation that come from know every plot point of a still unseen film . and worse : I know just how badly every point would all suck . <br /> <br /> let I be perfectly clear here , the English language lack sufficient nuance and depth in the field of ultimate evil to properly describe just how bad this film really be . <br /> <br /> as for know all the twist of movie , I be wrong . in the spirit of the old Godzilla film , whose scale this one be not worthy to fill , it conveniently sprout extra sub-plot every time the main character be threaten by the specter of meaningful dialogue . <br /> <br /> it be infested with close call , miraculous escape , and concentrate deposit of poorly explain angst . <br /> <br /> this film be what would happen if you give the produce of the Mighty Morphing Power Rangers access to the national defense budget . and lot of liquor . <br /> <br /> let I try to explain . <br /> <br /> imagine you could get a hold of all the coolest-looking set piece from successful action movie of the last decade : First take the rasta-talking army of amphibian from Star Wars Episode one and remove they Prozac until they be ready to club Navy Seals . <br /> <br /> Next , take close approximation of Kira Knightly and Tom Cruise -lrb- you can even call he Ethan as a `` subtle '' nod to the Mission impossible franchise . -rrb- and give they lot of film noir narration , so no one get confuse while try to follow the wading-pool depths of they thought . <br /> <br /> finally add a raspy-voiced villain in pointy armor worthy of a lord of the Rings yardsale and a couple of giant cobra , angry at have they scene delete from latest edition of King Kong , and lay they all out in no particular order in modern day Los Angeles . <br /> <br /> now run to the drugstore to find something for you sudden migraine . when you return , puree these ingredient until any overlook hint of originality be dissolve into a homogenized mass of cheese and serve semi-gelatinous . <br /> <br /> at several point during this picture , I find myself say out loud , `` make the bad movie stop , '' and break into tear . <br /> <br /> to call this a b-movie would be give it a undeserved promotion . after summer school , and a lot of physical therapy , it might possibly pass for a c level film if you could somehow sleep through most of it . <br /> <br /> in short , if you ever find yourself with money and brain cell to burn , and the need to punish yourself for hideous , unspoken sin against humanity , Dragon war might just be the film for you .
oh , this be such a glorious musical . there be a bit of miscasting -- Frank Sinatra be sorely miscast as the jewish Nathan Detroit , though it only become evident on `` sue I '' , which be a distinctly jewish song . sadly , the filmmaker decide to cut out one of the best song from the show , `` marry the man today '' , and replace it with a inferior Sinatra showpiece . with these two flaw in mind , the movie be otherwise magnificent . Jean Simmons shine as Sarah Brown . Marlon Brando can not sing worth bean , but pull it off anyway . Stubby Kaye wonderfully reprise he Broadway role -lrb- it be write for he -rrb- . Damon Runyon 's language and pacing and humor come through quite well . this be on my see-it-every-chance-i-get list .
the plot line of no one Sleeps be not a bad idea , and the subject matter be of quite a bit of interest . but , throughout watch this film , we be say aloud , `` these filmmaker go to the trouble of find good location , the lighting be good , makeup and hair be good ... why be the sound so bad ? '' throughout the film the sound be echoy , garbled and much of the dialog be unintelligible . <br /> <br /> there be some good acting in this film , and I think Jim Thalman be really a good actor . this story , with some of the same actor , would have be worth do as a high-budget film . <br /> <br /> I just can not reiterate enough - if you have a limited budget , dedicate more to good sound . sound be as much a part of a film as the image , and it be worth do right . could have earn a 6 .
I can still remember first see this on tv . I could not believe TVNZ let it on ! I have to own it ! a lot of the humor will be lose on non-nz ` ers , but give it a go ! <br /> <br /> since finish the Back of the y series Matt and Chris have go on to bigger and better -lrb- ? -rrb- thing . NZ 's greatest dare-devil stuntman , Randy Campbell have often appear on the british tv series ball of steel . yes , he still f^@ks up all he stunt because he be too drunk . <br /> <br /> also the ` house band ' Deja Voodoo have since release 2 album , Brown Sabbath and back in Brown . the band consist of member of the Back of the y team and singles such as ' I would give you one of my Beers -lrb- but I have only get 6 -rrb- ' and ` you be not even bear in the 80 's ' continue they humor . <br /> <br /> the South-By-Southwest film festival also feature they feature length film ` the Devil Made Me do it ' which will be release early 2008 in NZ . <br /> <br /> all up , if you do not find these guy funny then you can just f % ^ K OFF !!
I just rent this today ... hear lot of good review beforehand . WOW !! what a pile of steam poo this movie be !! do anyone know the address of the director so I can get my five dollar back ???? finally someone bump `` stop-loss '' from the ` worst Iraq War Movie ever ' number one spot . to be fair , I do not think there be any good Iraq war movie anyway , but this be really bad . <br /> <br /> I will not get into any technical inaccuracy , there be a hundred review from other GWOT vet that detail they all . if the director bother to consult even the lowliest e-nothing about technical accuracy however they could have make the movie somewhat realistic ... maybe . I guess the writer should be give the `` credit '' for this waste of a film . he or she obviously hatch the plot for this movie from some vivid imagination not afflict with the restraint of reality . do anybody but I wonder what the point of this movie be ? be there a message ? seriously though ... WTF ???? <br /> <br /> I be pretty amaze at all the positive review really . this film be hard to watch as a vet because of all the glaring inaccuracy but even if one could overlook that , the plot suck , character be shallow -lrb- to say the least -rrb- and the acting be poor at best . it be ironic , I suppose , that this movie be suppose to be about Explosive Ordinance Disposal , because it be the biggest bomb I have see this year .
back when I be a kid and I live with my sister , she buy every horror movie she could find and this be one of they . VCR 's have just become a household item and we do not have but about 150 movie and we watch the hell out of all of they . <br /> <br /> I be at a yard sale the other day and I see this VHS copy of blood legacy and I buy any horror movie I do not have and I know this movie look familiar . I think for a second and realize it be one that my sister have buy . she have sell it year ago in a yard sale I be guess - who know . <br /> <br /> I do not recall anything at all about it and I watch it the night I buy it and it refresh my memory because of a few scene . I be not sure how I feel about it as a kid but I be sure I enjoy it because it be new to I and I would watch and enjoy anything back then . <br /> <br /> I be a horror freak , but there be certain requirement in order for I to consider it `` good '' and this one fall very short . it be one of those talk talk talk and bear I to death type . what death scene you see be do use the shadow on the wall follow by blood splatter and that if you be lucky you get that much . <br /> <br /> the story be good and I have see a few with similar plot , so I think this one should be bury and forget . do not watch this people unless you be hard up .
peaceful rancher Robert Sterling be on the lose side of a range war with he ruthless neighbor , that be until notorious outlaw Robert Preston show up out of the blue to level the playing field . soon he begin to go too far , feed a grow sense of unease in Sterling , especially when he son begin to idolize the wily criminal . <br /> <br /> the Sundowners be a tightly-paced , gritty , and surprisingly tough little picture with a great performance by Preston . here , he come across as a evil version of Shane , that be until the real nature of the rancher and the outlaw 's relationship be reveal . most movie guide and video box spoil the surprise ! <br /> <br /> round out the cast be Chill Wills , Jack Elam , and the debut of John Drew Barrymore , who become more famous for he offspring than he act .
I find this movie the best movie I have ever see , because it reflect the inner strength of a young girl during the second world war . the movie be impressive , not least because it actually happen . it remind I of the story of Anne Frank . <br /> <br />
a remake of the superb 1972 movie of the stage play , nicely cast Caine as the nemesis of he character from the first movie . but do nothing else nicely at all . <br /> <br /> a under-parr performance from the actor , law and caine , dilute further by weak self-indulgent direction . <br /> <br /> the warmth of the setting in the original be forsake for a super-modern homesetting . the subtle interplay between Oliver and Caine which make the first movie so watchable , be replace with a horrid , brash arrogance that instantly breed disdain in the viewer . but this be not the clever , to-ing and froing of like one then the other character the original foster so well , this be a obvious OTT character assassination of both character from the word go . <br /> <br /> this version of Sleuth be not really worth see , watch the original film and be dazzle from the opening act .
>> >> >> >> >> >> > >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> > >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> > with they no hold bar cruel offensive humor , sure enough to offended anyone , you would sure think this would be a laugh riot ! ... ... . . wrong . worest movie since Open water . do not be to surprised if you completely miss this movie upon release date as I be sure it wont do very good at all at the box office . this movie have a lot of potential but fall to little to short . no enough character development , awkward actor and the upside of this movie be nudity . boob . amazing . if I have to see this movie again , I myself would go postal . << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << << <
oh dear!what a disappointment . I have be watch old western on british tv for decade , and I be not aware of this one until its show yesterday - most other Scott Westerns come around every few year or so and be usually worth watch again . <br /> <br /> the rich colour and outdoor set be good , but that be all I can say about this film . I have to agree with most of the other negative comment already make . several time I feel like turn it off , and finally I do , halfway through , something I hardly ever do . <br /> <br /> Scott seem unusually oily in charming the girl , he two sidekick be annoying and so be the mexican bandit lad . and I have a feel the army uniform be 20 year or so too modern , not that this have bother maker of many other western . <br /> <br /> perhaps it get better in the second half , but I could not be bother to wait and see .
I read the novel some year ago and I like it a lot . when I see the movie I could not believe it ... they change everything I like about the novel , even the plot . I wonder what do Isabel Allende -lrb- author -rrb- say about the movie , but I think it suck !!!
it really be a shame that film like this never snag best Picture nomination , because this one be simply a winner . this be by far the most consistently hilarious comedy I have ever see . its screenplay and design be impeccable , not to mention the incredible cast . I can quote this movie for hour on end . watch it .
kudos to Fawcett to take on role that , at the time be consider controversial . to my recollection , rape be still a taboo subject in the 1980 's , and woman 's rights and emotion be rarely so deeply examine during that time . <br /> <br /> Fawcett be simply a woman who be follow , then stalk by actor James Russo . he be adequate as the obsess psychopath , but at time a bit transparent . <br /> <br /> Diana Scarwid have a bit role , as do Alfre Woodard as the house mate . Woodard worry about the legal consequence when Fawcett , the rape victim , take revenge on the culprit . the scene where she throw a frying pan of hot oil at Russo be classic , and as the rapist he deserve it . she then keep he in bondage , and the consequence must be face . <br /> <br /> a very real story reflect the emotion and rage of rape victim who have be violate , physically , and mentally . highly recommend . 8/10 .
this be a gem of a movie not just for people who like fun and quirky premise , but who love the history and tradition of sci-fus and classic Hollywood movie . each alien of the Martian crew be the embodiment of a classic sci-fi character or member of Hollywood royalty and it be pure pleasure watch they bounce of each other and the resident of big Bean .
wealthy psychiatrist Lindsay Crouse have just publish she first novel and be feel down about she profession feeling that it be hopeless to help she patient . a young gambling junkie client ask she to help he pay off he debt if he truly want to help he get better . here she get involve with Joe Mantegna . to reveal any more of the plot would spoil one hell of a fun movie and ` House of Games ' may very well be the best con movie I have see . David Mamet write and direct this gem that be full of snappy dialogue , great one-liner , and enough twist to keep you guess til the end . Crouse be perfect as the uptight psychiatrist need a change and Mantegna top she as the devilishly sly con-man . and with the exception of a coincidence in the last quarter of the movie , the film be in utter control of it be audience ; and we be love the con . <br /> <br /> *** out of ****
I approach this film with low expectation but be very pleasantly surprised . it be very well do and it beat hand down the ballroom dancing movie of recent year , especially `` strictly ballroom '' . while the music be nice and the dancing colourful , for I the movie be not about dancing . it be about the very japanese institution that give male office worker long commute to work and free time after work for entertainment that do not involve they family . here we have the man with the complete family and the large mortgage and a flagging zest for life . he be draw to the attractive image of a young woman in a dance studio he pass during he commute and this lead he to try ballroom dancing . also japanese be the fact that the lecherous motive that initiate he new passion be make plain but somehow accept , at least eventually , by family and audience . attitude to ballroom dancing , as convey in the film , be definitely non-western , though the discipline and the music be clearly cultural import to Japan . the cultural contrast be thus intriguing . even without the cultural insight , the colour , the dance and the enthusiasm of the player all make this a fun film to watch .
a warm , sweet and remarkably charming film about two antagonistic worker in the same shop -lrb- James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan -rrb- who be carry on a romance via mailbox without either of they know it . the key to this film 's success be that Ernst Lubitsch keep any syrupy sentimentality absent and call on he actor to give low-key , unfussy performance . as a result , you fall in love with virtually all of they . <br /> <br /> there be a strong undercurrent of melancholy run through this film which I appreciate . loneliness be a major theme , most obviously represent in the character of the shop 's owner and manager , play wonderfully by Frank Morgan . he discover that he be be cuckold by he wife , and realize that the successful life he be create for himself be not enough to keep he from feel lonely when he do not have a partner to share it . this make the timid romance between Stewart and Sullavan all the more poignant , because they be both reach out to this unseen other , who each think of as a soulmate before they have even meet . of course we know everything will turn out right in the end , but the movie do not let you forget the dismal feeling either of they would feel if they find that the reality do not live up to the fantasy . <br /> <br /> Lubitsch fill he movie out with a crackerjack cast that have boatload of chemistry . the little group of shop employee refer to itself throughout the movie as a little family , and that be exactly how it feel to we as well . <br /> <br /> this be a wonderful , unsung romance . <br /> <br /> Grade : a +
what do the director think ? everybody who have read the biography of Artemisia be left impress by she gut to face a public rape trial in Renaissance time and even suffer torture in order to show that Tassi be guilty . that fact show the real independence and emancipation - in she most terrible hour she stand she man . why do movie depict Renaissance have to be so clinically beautiful and romantic , be we afraid to see the gritty side of life or have the Hollywood happy-happy-mood win ? while I would always defend a director 's freedom to create he own reality in a movie I can not make sense of turn Artimisia 's life story on its head . very disappointing choice by the maker of this film .
this be easily the most disappointing , least gratifying movie of the entire so-called blacksploitation genre , which , by the way , be film we generally enjoy a great deal in we home . rather than be `` exploitation '' or demeaning , these film actually provide a priceless insight into a era . well , not Bucktown . <br /> <br /> in this story , Duke return to Bucktown to operate the night club leave to he by he recently decease brother . he quickly learn that the city be entirely control by a corrupt police force , bleed protection money out of all the local business . Duke resist , and determine that he will rescue the city from the corrupt police . unfortunately , he do so by call in a posse of he friend -lrb- these people be vaguely explain as some former black-militant who have work with Duke on `` job '' in the past -rrb- and they simply murder the entire police department in cold blood . and literally in the presence of hundred of witness who do nothing to stop it . ignorance be not a justification for murder , and it would have be much more entertaining to see the Cracker Police suffer for they action as oppose to merely get whack in the street . while revenge be a ubiquitous and generally satisfying theme in film of this genre , it be a far cry from see Pam Grier track down the thug who off ` ed she family , cuss they out , give they a jujitsu ass-kickin ' and set they ` fro on fire . that have art -lrb- and a reason for exist -rrb- and merit a level of respect that be quite undeserved by simply shoot someone in the back . of course , in this bizarre tale , she be play a woman completely under the man 's thumb , afraid of the Crackers who run she town and oppress she people . indeed , she advice to Duke be , `` Run , man , they gon na kill you ! '' <br /> <br /> follow the sickening and gratuitous violence , we be expect to believe that the town 's mayor wholeheartedly condone the action of Duke and he friend , congratulating they and offer to throw a parade in they honor , as oppose to , say , call the district attorney to press capital murder charge against they and have they take into custody . Duke 's posse decline the parade and instead opt to fill the numerous vacancy on the police force create by they recent killing spree . they immediately prove to be even more corrupt than they Cracker Police predecessor -lrb- to quote the mayor , `` they be ten time worse than what we have before ! '' -rrb- . now Duke find he must again rescue the citizen of Bucktown from corrupt , protection-racket law enforcement official and again make it safe for decent folk to operate a prostitution business in the street . unfortunately , Duke have already lose all moral high ground and sympathy due a hero , as he be a willing participant in the murder of the original police force . I would not have care one way or the other if he have rescue Bucktown or get plug himself at this point . I suppose we be to be entertain by the clever way Duke have to outsmart the new police goon , but in reality the film have now just become a opera of gratuitous violence , Duke murder all of he former friend and ally in cold blood with the same absence of compassion he have when gun down the Cracker Police . Duke be a pig . <br /> <br /> finally , when everyone in town but Duke , Aretha , and the employee of the local brothel be dead and bleedin ' in the street , we hero and heroine walk off into the night as though they have some admirable quality or redeeming value ; they do not . Duke be merely a murderous thug and aretha he enable misogynist accomplice . if you be interested in this genre of film , by all means , I highly recommend they , see Coffy , Foxy Brown , Truck Turner , Blacula , Sheba Baby ... but if in the process you should run across this dvd , throw it as far away as you possibly can ! drop it like it be hot ! it should be treat as one would treat a glowing puddle of nuclear waste ! there be no single film in the entire Blacksploitation era that be not dramatically more entertaining , satisfying and populated with more sympathetic and admirable character than this piece of slime , obviously write by and target at some hormonally imbalanced high school sophomore .
a bunch of american student and they tutor decide to visit the ugliest part of Ireland in order to study ancient religious practice . despite be repeatedly warn about the danger of stray off the beaten path -lrb- by the local creepy irish guy , natch -rrb- , they do just that , and wind up with they inside on the outside courtesy of a family of inbred cannibal -lrb- the descendant of the infamous Sawney Bean clan , who accord to the film 's silly plot , up stick from Scotland and settle on the Emerald Isle -rrb- . <br /> <br /> if you think that porn star plus low budget horror automatically equal ton of nudity and terrible acting , then think again : Evil Breed be bristle with adult star , but in fact , there be not nearly as much nudity as one might expect give the ` talent ' involve , and the act , although far from Oscar worthy , be not all that bad -lrb- with the exception of Ginger Lynn Allen , who we know can do marvellous ` french ' , but whose Irish be lousy -rrb- . <br /> <br /> Evil Breed open in superb style with the brutal slaughter of a couple of amorous camper : after some brief under-canvas sex , the silicone enhance hottie be drag from the tent and tear in half ; the guy have he arm and leg cut off and be roasted on a spit . it be a very gory start , and bode well for the rest of the film . <br /> <br /> unfortunately , after this promising beginning , thing start to go seriously downhill : we be introduce to the main character , a annoying bunch of twenty-something just beg to become cannibal chow , and be subject to a fair amount of time waste in the form of some terrible false scare , a lot of blarney about murderous druid from local irish weirdo Gary -lrb- Simon Peacock -rrb- , and worst of all , some sub-scream , post-modernistic conversation about the convention of horror film -lrb- how clever ! -rrb- . <br /> <br /> then , just as it look as though the film be never go to get any better , director Christian Viel decide to get serious : a guy get a knife ram through he head and there be a gratuitous sex-in-the-shower scene feature lovely blonde Gillian Leigh -lrb- NOT a porn star , but I be sure there be a career there wait if she want it -rrb- . after that , thing improve rapidly as the cannibal kick into top flesh-eating gear , and the film be transform into a veritable bloodbath : Gary have a machete ram up he ass -lrb- about time ! -rrb- , and be strangle with he intestine ; Ginger Lynn kick-box a mutant ; Jenna Jameson be tear open , eviscerated and have she silicone breast implant gnaw on by confused cannibal ; a guy get decapitate by cheese wire ; and Taylor Hayes be see bloody , bruised and naked with a dead foetus between she leg -lrb- apparantly , she be be capture and use as breed stock -rrb- . <br /> <br /> all of this be so outrageously gory that it make sit through the less interesting stuff worthwhile , and earn Evil Breed a final rating of 7/10 . <br /> <br /> nb . a very troubled production and studio meddling result in Christian Viel eventually abandon the project . re-shoot be do and the gore be heavily trim for a US release . the good news be that although the film do not flow as well as it might have , and be curse with a terrible ending , the UK dvd -lrb- the version I watch -rrb- seem to have be leave relatively intact as far as the splatter be concern -lrb- only 13 be cut from the film in total -rrb- .
the opening sequence be suppose to show the Legion arrive in Paris on 13 Nov 1918 . the troops pile off the train -- wear the uniform in which the french Army , include the Legion , march off to war in 1914 ! this a sure sign that the war flick you be about to see will be a turkey . -lrb- the french Army realize by 1915 that go to war in red trousers and dark blue overcoat be not work . Metropolitan French troops be put into `` horizon blue '' and Colonial troops be put into khaki . -rrb- the Claude Van-Damme -lrb- sp ? -rrb- remake at least get the uniform more or less right . really be too bad when director make these sort of mistake when they then go to all the effort to get other thing right .
` Iphigenia ' be the great achievement of Michael Cacoyannis . this masterful play be masterfully adapt for the screen and bring to life by a wonderful cast . Cacoyannis achieve the impossible . he manage to film a greek tragedy to screen without lose its effectiveness and importance . a stellar greek cast help he in this . newcomer Tatiana Papamoschou be extremely impressive as Iphigenia . equally impressive be Irene Papas , who even though she sometimes seem over the top , it be very realistic . a wonderful greek film , beautifully adapt and direct by Michael Cacoyannis , with a excellent music score by Mikis Theodorakis which be ideal in every scene . <br /> <br /> P.S. Rumours say that the film lose the best foreign language film Oscar by only 1 vote !!!
if you have not see this yet , I say just move on , take a walk in the park , do not waste you time . neither the scenario nor the acting be worth you money . * Spoilers * - I can not decide which be worse : the movie itself or Baldwin 's hairstyle ? Ellen Pompeo 's act talent be very questionable I hope she can improve it over time . the storyline be just unbelievable . loose cannon american cop fight criminal in Europe on he own ?? infamous slavic mafioso protect by only two hunk ??? a emotional art teacher lead a ruthless gang ??? spanish police executive dumber than a sack of hammer ??? give I a break . there be only one good thing about this movie , though : at least , the production cost must be lower than `` Ocean 's 12 '' 's which be as meaningless and over the top as this one .
successful self-made married businessman Harry Mitchell -lrb- a superbly steely performance by Roy Scheider -rrb- have a adulteress fling with sweet 'n' sexy young stripper Cini -lrb- the gorgeous Kelly Preston -rrb- . Harry 's blackmail by a trio of scummy low-life hood -- sleazy porno theater manager raimy -lrb- a splendidly slimy John Glover -rrb- , antsy strip joint owner Leo -lrb- well play by Robert Trebor -rrb- and craze pimp Bobby Shy -lrb- a frightfully intense Clarence Williams III -rrb- -- who have videotape he affair with Cini . when Harry refuse to pay up , the hood kill Cini and make it look like Harry do it . this in turn ignite a dangerous battle of wit and will between Harry and the hood . Director John Frankenheimer , adopt a tough script base on Elmore Leonard 's gritty crime thriller novel , expertly maintain a steady snappy pace , deliver plenty of grip tension , and effectively create a compellingly seedy 'n' sordid atmosphere . the lead be all uniformly excellent , with stand-out support turn by Ann-Margret as Harry 's bitter neglect wife Barbara , Vanity as brash jaded prostitute Doreen , and Lonny Chapman as Harry 's loyal business partner Jim O'Boyle . the tight 'n' twisty plot keep viewer on they toe throughout . the wickedly profane dialogue , Jost Vacano 's glossy cinematography , Gary Chang 's stir score , the harshly amoral tone and the rousing conclusion be all likewise on the money as well . as a add bonus , both Vanity and Preston take they clothes off . a very strong and satisfying little number that be well worth check out .
I see it at Cinema MK2 Hautefeuille just one night after its first public projection in Paris . a very pretty film about three 15 year old teenager , all of they just at about the same psychologically stage . many of the scene let we to come back to we adolescence age & we first feeling about sexual relation . it be possible to imagine that the director would like to reduce the first strong sensual feeling of the girl to lesbianism , but even in that case she do not corrupt the likelihood of the story . you can sometimes find the film a little slow but it be what create this intimate atmosphere . I fund the young actress of talent , special mention with floriane and Marie , very convincing . there be many small detail but this film also enable I to discover what synchronize swimming be : impress !
wow , I can not believe i be the first and only one to post a comment on this great movie . <br /> <br /> although the movie itself seem interesting enough the real thing that attract I to this one be Matt lillard , grant most people probably either think he be too caffeine happy or just plain suck but we be both the same age and from the same generation and i have watch this guy so many time that he be one of my favorite now . this be one of the few movie where he be the big shot and main star kind of like in SLC Punk , another great Lillard film . <br /> <br /> baiscally this be storywise you usual heist movie but with more twist than anything , which start to amount to craziness . also very notable in this movie be another great actor name vincent D'onofrio , a very under appreciate person in the film industry . the woman in the movie be a newcomer and she be not too bad although you know they hire she mainly for she accent and the nude scene =-rrb-_NN <br /> <br /> it be a game of jack vs jill vs bob as each want to reap the reward but share with no one . they all try to get eachother to kill off the other and it be a timebomb wait to explode . Matt show he true prowess as the scheming jack who initially start the whole scheme . Vincent and woman play a couple of art thief who be in need of money due to a lack of business . Vince 's character be a bit deranged and skitz 's throughout the movie but that only add to the intensity of the film . <br /> <br /> the surprise leave and right be well welcome and the end be very non cliche and make you feel happy , well maybe that depend on the type of ending you like . this movie keep I very interested besides the fact Matt be in it , it be a great movie and i would highly recommend it to anyone who like movie . critic 's probably will not like this movie , but they do not watch movie cause they like movie anyway .
in my opinion this have to be one of Barbara Stanwyck 's best performance . she be one of only a handful of actor , then and now , who could say more with a single look than a entire page of dialogue . and I be lucky enough to see the original and uncensored movie , with the extra 4 minute of additional footage . too bad the movie be so short . Lily be a young woman barely hold it together work for she father in he illegal speakeasy . she only link to anything be she good friend , Chico , play wonderfully by Theresa Harris . though Chico be african american -lrb- and have a white woman be best friend with a black woman back in the 30 be as controversial as the subject matter of this movie -rrb- , and Lily be not , they have a special bond . and it be not sexual . just 2 woman stick , or shove , into a situation beyond they control . after Lily 's father die , and she do not know what she will do , she be tell that she have the power to get out and to get what she want . yes , it be immoral , but that be the entire point of this movie . then `` they '' have to go and ruin the last few minute . so , up until the last few minute of the movie , it be a superb film and worth watch . the `` lesson '' of the movie be still as valid today as it be back then , and I be sure will be a 100 year from now . woman , it be awful what Lily do in order to get what she want , but it work . man , take note .
you all know the story of `` Hamlet '' . I do . <br /> <br /> Well , the `` to be or not to be '' phrase -lrb- not the speech itself -rrb- have be beat into the ground so many time that it be not very interesting -lrb- in fact , it be not that great to begin with -rrb- . in fact , I find `` Hamlet '' a good but vastly overrated play . it be not even Shakespeare 's best : `` Julius Caesar '' and `` Romeo & Juliet '' be ten time better , with `` a midsummer night 's dream '' and `` Othello '' not too far behind . `` Macbeth -lrb- knock you table , off he drawer , puck will make amends , ow ! -rrb- '' be not that bad either . there be lot of other that be better than this by Shakespeare . <br /> <br /> I will not really comment too much on the movie , rather I will dissect the utterly horrible mst3k episode . <br /> <br /> okay ... Mike and the bot win a card game , get to pick the movie ... they ask for `` Hamlet '' , Pearl send they this , yadda yadda yadda ... and prepare for the most boring sci-fus episode of mst3k ever -lrb- admittedly , I have not see any of the cc one -rrb- . <br /> <br /> while `` Blood Waters of Dr. Z '' make the viewing of that episode horrible , since it be not really a movie , rather random , spliced-together scene -lrb- I be remind of Mike 's line from `` Future War '' : `` maybe this be a anthology of short , plotless movie '' -rrb- , the SOL Crew a lot get off a good many good crack . ca not say the same for here . <br /> <br /> the riff fall flat , the host segment -lrb- par usual -rrb- be at best mediocre , and when the movie itself -lrb- which be not that bad -rrb- be actually BETTER -lrb- I mean , as a quality movie , not as camp , like `` Prince of Space '' -rrb- than the mst3k version of it , you know the show must be bad . I laugh -lrb- the last time I see it be several month ago -rrb- , oh , maybe eight or nine time throughout . I try and try and try to be entertain - but I just could not . only the occasional line , like `` Hail Queen Dilbert 's boss ! '' -lrb- and when that be the funniest line of the episode , well , ahem -rrb- - and by occasional , I mean every ten minute or so - maybe I even chuckle . the second time I try to watch it , I do not even laugh at the few joke I would find funny before , and simply give up forty minute before . <br /> <br /> the movie be not horrible ; it be just a german version of Hamlet . the actor be good enough , and though the dubbing be not the greatest , that be not in itself a reason to hate this film . <br /> <br /> four star for `` Hamlet '' ; three , yes three for the mst3k version . <br /> <br /> PS : why why why , mst3k !
one of Disney 's best film that I can enjoy watch often . you may easily guess the outcome , but who care ? its just plain fun escape for 1 hour forty-two minute . and after all be not movie mean to get away from reality for just a short time anyway ? the cast sparkle with delight . - magictrain
first , let I say that Notorious be a absolutely charming film , very lovingly render of its time and subject -lrb- s -rrb- . Gretchen Mol be utterly , painfully convince , the very soul of the contradiction smoothly reify by Ms. Page herself . Irving and Paula Klaw be richly draw as the working-class stiff they be -lrb- have meet Paula at Movie Star News in 1990 I can say that Lili Taylor 's performance be unimpeachable -rrb- , and Jared Harris as John Willie -lrb- Coutts -rrb- be a adoringly debauched genius . anyone with a interest in the recorded history of american attitude toward sexuality must see this movie , in a theater preferably , where vote make with dollar count more . <br /> <br /> second , I will allow that I be a producer of material similar to that for which the Klaws would become famous , which be no way affect my estimation of Ms. Harron 's work as the splendid piece that it be , but do condition my view of notorious as a act of political resistance of the first order . Ms. Harron have craft a work of subtle subversion . along with v for Vendetta , it be a movie about another time for we time . <br /> <br /> few reader of this site will be aware that the government they will see enact in notorious -lrb- through transcription of the very word utter in closed Senate committee hearing -rrb- be a very close approximation of the one they live under right now . while Ms. Harron expressly disallow that she have a political agenda append to this film , she faithfulness to the fact , and the respectful and unsensational way in which she render they , synchronize notorious with the present day . the very act that Notorious portray in loving and accurate detail be define as obscene by the Communications Decency Act , recently bring to the Supreme Court as a First Amendment case and turn back there at the behest of the Bush administration . in other word , the delicate and ineffectual bondage depict in Notorious be indictable today by Federal prosecutor in whatever -lrb- hostile -rrb- jurisdiction they choose . of course , there be no hearing in the Senate or elsewhere on this matter when the CDA be pass . of course you know nothing about it , because you do not want people in Peoria tell you what you can and can not look at -lrb- likewise , people in Peoria probably do not want I tell they what they be allow to view -rrb- . of course Notorious will never be indict . it be Hollywood . it be lawyer up . countless klaw will , however , continue to be steamroll by a puritanical bureaucracy that have not advance its aesthetic , moral or biological composition much in 50 + year . <br /> <br /> in addition , notorious post no 18 USC 2257 compliance statement , which be mandate by the unnoticed `` earmark '' recently vote into law . if any media contain image of `` sadomasochistic restraint '' it be require to make available -lrb- ex warrant -rrb- record of age and circumstance of all performer . notorious fail in this regard also . <br /> <br /> in addition to be a splendid piece of entertainment and a -lrb- nearly -rrb- accurate historical document , Notorious will be the litmus against which the Bush Justice Department be itself judge with respect to the 14th -lrb- Equal Protection -rrb- Amendment and on perhaps several other Constitutional grounds . in this regard alone , a debt of gratitude be owe Mary Harron . you 'll be grateful in any case , Constitutional or otherwise , if you see this film .
have not see the film before -lrb- and not be able to stand Matt Damon -rrb- , I be reluctant to go see the Bourne Ultimatum when we be ask to see it for as Film study . <br /> <br /> however , I be pleasantly surprise that even a film with Damon in it could be enjoyable . <br /> <br /> fast fight scene , crazy motorbike chase and BIG explosion be what throw you out of you seat in tbu . the near-miss between the CIA and Bourne keep you on you toe and throughly entertain . <br /> <br /> nevertheless , several thing really grate my cheese . <br /> <br /> firstly , the fact that the film be just a series of Bourne , CIA , Bourne , CIA , Bourne , CIA . this sequence get repetitive and ultimately dull . although Damon do keep we entertain and seem always one step ahead of the CIA , I be get a bit annoyed with the constant survival of Bourne . he crash a car and get out as if he have tap it or something ! very unrealistic . <br /> <br /> and secondly -lrb- inevitably -rrb- - the shaky camera . it be so shaky it be completely noticeable and make I and everyone who go to see it in my class -lrb- even the tutor -rrb- seasick . we be tell by the tutor that if we ever use that in a film we make in class , it would automatically be wrong and we would be tell to use a tripod . Fair enough if Greengrass want it to look like we be there watch Damon and Stiles hold a conversation , but surely we would not be shake we head that violently ! <br /> <br /> but all in all tbu be a enjoyable film and worth a watch . but I do not think it be the best film of the year , despite be a entertaining piece of cinema . <br /> <br /> 8/10 .
I can say nothing more about this movie than : man , this suck !!!!! if you really hate yourself and want to do some severe damage to you brain , watch this movie . it be the best cure in the world for take away happiness . when I start watch this film , I be completely happy . afterword I could feel my brain melting , like it be strike by molten lava . God , I hate that stupid Dinosaur . so if you want severe brain damage : watch this movie , it will do the trick .
Paris be the place to be to enjoy beautiful art and music , and to fall madly in love - as be the case in this film . boy meet girl , they fall in love , but something stand in they way of eternal happiness , the classic story . <br /> <br /> the wonderful music of George Gerschwin complement the great dancing by Gene Kelly and Leslie Caron . `` a american in Paris '' be a humorous , light-hearted , loving film well worth watch . <br /> <br /> 8/10 <br /> <br />
there be only one problem with this website , you can not give a negative rating . additionally a mate rate this as a d grade movie . I say he be be too nice . a piece of wood could show more emotion that the actor in this movie , and the money use to produce this movie would have be better use to start a fire . this be absolutely terrible , 2 hour of life that anyone who endure this untalented bloodbath will never get back . after watch 5 minute , myself and the boy wonder if sink bulk heavy would make this anymore entertaining . half a carto and a bottle of 151 later I finally find some of this g grade act remotely funny . it be a insult upon this entire planet that the director think anyone could find anything beneficial from this more , he should go and buy a rope . and to the actor in this flick , I hope you get pay well to be in this joke because I doubt you will ever work again . in summary I fine everyone in this movie 100 grand and 12 demerit point off you act licence .
after Watergate , Vietnam and the dark day of the Nixon and Jimmy Carter era , what the world need be a good old-fashioned chapter-play hero take on venomous serpent and evildoer in the America of 1936 or the jungle of South America in a series of fantastic cliffhanging adventure . unfortunately what it get in 1975 be Doc Savage , the man of bronze . perhaps the best that can be say of legendary producer George Pal 's final film be that he often beautifully design but sadly flat adaptation of Kenneth Robeson 's pulp-paperback novel probably have George Lucas and Phil Kaufman leave the theatre and say to each other `` we can do better than that , '' and add a bullwhip , a battered fedora and some much need character flaw to the mix . <br /> <br /> a big part of the problem be that Doc Savage be in many way even harder to write for than Superman -- explorer , adventurer , philanthropist , a scientific and intellectual genius in the bronzed bleach-blonde bulletproof muscle-bound body of a greek God -lrb- or rather the form of tv 's Tarzan , Ron Ely , a rather dull Charlton Heston clone here -rrb- , there be simply nothing he can not do and , more damagingly , nothing that can harm he . the man be the virtual incarnation of Hitler 's aryan ubermensch -lrb- no surprise that the dvd be only available in Germany ! -rrb- , albeit with all-american value . and just in case there should ever be anything he be overlook -lrb- not that there ever be -rrb- he have not one but five sidekick in he entourage , the -lrb- less than -rrb- Fabulous five . a chemist , a electrician and even a archaeologist I can accept , and at a stretch I could possibly even go as far as to see the possible need for a construction engineer , but what kind of hero take a criminal lawyer with he on he adventure ? in reality Doc 's brain trust be probably add because with the hero so tiresomely invulnerable and practically perfect in every way -- even Kryptonite would not put a dent in he - there need to be someone at risk in the story , though with the exception of Paul Gleason they be all so horribly badly cast and overplay -lrb- as be most part in the film -rrb- you would happily kill they all off during the opening title . the villain fare no better , with Paul Wexler exude all the menace of a geography teacher as Captain sea , Scott Walker -lrb- no , a different one -rrb- deliver one of cinema 's worst accent -lrb- be it mean to be scottish , irish , Welsh , greek , pakistani or some nationality no-one have ever hear of ? -rrb- while Robyn Hilton 's Marilyn Monroe-ish dumb blonde moll give Paris -lrb- no relation -rrb- a run for she money in the untalented bimbo stake . <br /> <br /> even with those drawback , this should have be much better than it be consider the various ingredient -- lose tribe , a pool of gold , a dogfight with a biplane and a deadly poison that come alive , all wrap up in a quest to discover why Doc 's father be murder . unfortunately it be a question of tone : in the 60 and 70 pulp superhero be not brooding figure prone to state-of-the-art action scene and special effect but be treat as somewhat comical figure of low-budget camp fun with action scene quickly knock off on the cheap almost as a afterthought , the film aim purely at the matinée market : you know , for kid . there have long be rumour that the original cut be more straight-faced -- and certainly much of the camp value have be add in post-production , be it the Colgate twinkle in Doc 's eye , the comical caption identify various fight style in the final dust-up with Captain sea or Don Black 's gung-ho lyric to John Philip Sousa 's patriotic march -- but plenty be in the film to begin with . after all , it be hard to see how one of the villain 's underling make phone call from a giant rock crib be ever intend as anything other than a joke that fall flat , while Doc 's explanation to Pamela Hensley of why he never date girl could be a scene write for Adam West 's Batman . instead , the funniest moment be usually purely unintentional , such as Doc display he sixth sense by , er , bob he Adam 's apple . <br /> <br /> perhaps a even bigger problem be that , while promise on paper , the action be handle in a almost relentlessly mundane fashion , be it chase a native assassin on the rooftop of New York skyscraper or escape from a yacht full of bad guy . even the win notion of animated glowing green snake swirl through the air as they poison they victim fail to raise any enthusiasm from director Michael Anderson : have demonstrate they own invulnerability a couple of scene earlier , Doc manage to dispatch they with no more than a chair and a electric fan by simply pull the curtain on they . <br /> <br /> still , aside from Doc 's various vehicle all stamp with he logo and look more moulded plastic than bronze , the production design be often rather handsome even if it be very obviously L.A. standing in for New York while Fred Koenekamp 's cinematography ensure the film often look good despite the low budget . and it be good to see a superhero movie that do not spend most of its run time on a origin story , though one be leave with the suspicion that Doc spring fully form from the loin of Zeus himself . <br /> <br /> it be a film I would really like to like more , but it just feel like 100 minute of lose opportunity . no wonder Doc Savage , the Arch enemy of Evil , the sequel so optimistically promise in the end credit , never happen .
this movie be a joke . I mean a `` ha ha '' funny joke . why ? because the only redeeming thing about it be the good laugh I get at the sheer ridiculousness of nonsensical , inane plot and horrible acting . wow ! <br /> <br /> within this movie there be so many unanswered question ... for example ; why do these woman become zombie and how ? why be there four black woman who be zombie 's `` caretaker '' and what be they purpose ? since when do 6 people make up a `` nation '' of Zombies ? and be smear black eye mascara `` scary '' to anyone , anywhere ? even a 2 year old ? <br /> <br /> and lastly ; why be this movie make at all ? why ? why ? why ? no answer ? that be what I think . <br /> <br /> on the demand channel they actually issue this comment after the synopsis of the movie : we apologize for this movie in advance '' LOL . at least they have the decency to do this much !
I be China in this film . I choose the screen name Sheeba Alahani because I be modeling at the time in Italy and they could not pronounce my real name correctly , so I choose Sheeba and then add Alahani since it be similar to Alohalani . <br /> <br /> I have never act before -lrb- and it show -rrb- , but it be so much fun to film . they give I `` act lesson '' each morning -lrb- which obviously be not useful -rrb- . they dub my voice -lrb- thank goodness -rrb- . <br /> <br /> David and Peter be a blast on the set , full of good humor and joke . this film be never mean to be take seriously , it be a tax write off accord to inside information . <br /> <br /> I give it a 1 because I have a sense of humor , but a 10 for the fun I have `` act '' in it .
this be the most elementary sort of traditional ghost story , not even enliven to any great extent by the use of irish location . if the great M.R. James have ever come up with a tale this thin -- do not James in fact have a story call `` a Thin ghost '' ? -- he would not have bother to have it publish . <br /> <br /> Orson Welles appear in the limp endpiece as a favour to a brace of old friend , this film 's producer . he presence and the one movie industry in-joke would have earn this will-o ' - the-wisp its Oscar nomination . this be yet more proof , if any more be need , that the Academy award have never be any guarantee of merit .
I be lure to see this movie by its starpower , but ultimately that be all it deliver . it play much more like a greek tragedy than a modern thriller about big city corruption . it be greatest flaw be its predictibability and utter lack of suspense . we know who the bad guy be from the beginning , and just follow along as they fall like domino . the film to its credit do abstain from gratuitous violence and sex , but have forget to substitute good , clean romance or excitement in any other way . all the flavor of a good , flat decaffeinate diet cola . `` q&a '' , which also take place in New York , be a far better alternative , as be `` LA Confidential '' .
`` they be among Us '' be poor science fiction at best . mediocre act bog down this film . the plot hole be numerous . alien that somehow come to earth on a meteor and have be hide among we for over 100 year , but need a plastic surgeon to make they appear human . in they alien form they supposedly have exo-skeleton -lrb- which be why they need the plastic surgery -rrb- but when you see they they have tooth and fingernail . the heroine 's father `` disappear '' after Project Blue Book close , but be supposedly a f-16 pilot . and on and on . if you want to see a alien invasion movie , pick `` Invasion of the body Snatchers '' , and see how it be do right .
the primary aspect of this film which most people miss be that Luhzin live he life as a chess game . so many people have see this film and just do not get it , and I do not understand why . while watch this film I be take on a private journey which floor I . I will try to explain this without any spoiler , but be forewarn , I do talk about thing that happen in the movie . <br /> <br /> **** possible spoiler **** be forewarned ! **** <br /> <br /> he be a life of `` large move '' versus `` small move '' . he choose Natalia to be he queen , and he and she behave as he Aunt first describe the King and Queen and they move when she introduce he to chess as a boy . listen closely to that description . <br /> <br /> when someone ask he a question , he flashback to the past as if review past move . -lrb- the flashback be beautifully light , by the way . -rrb- the flashback be quite interesting as well , for they give not only he point of view as a child , but the point of view of the other character as well . it be stunning . <br /> <br /> various character become either he helper or he enemy , pawn , bishop and knight , they action enlighten you as to who be side they be on . even they placement in a scene be pivotal to understand what be go on . beautifully do . <br /> <br /> I will not comment more on what happen to the character of Luhzin , but I hope that this will illuminate what be actually happen at the end . <br /> <br /> this film be constantly work on many level , which be why I endorse it . it be a treat and a joy to watch . <br /> <br /> if you like this film I would recommend a film call Fresh . the only way that these film be similar be the use of chess and the character be treat as piece . <br /> <br />
good action and interesting plot . have see the original I must say it be a interesting improvement and show more of the movie . good cast . . meaningful acting . . although it would nice to see some more expansion in the action scene rather than the background story . fun movie to watch and keep you alert all the time 7/10 be a right vote I think !
I have be scold and scorn by fellow christian for state my disappointment with this movie . I get hound by statement like these : `` I can not believe you do not like it ! it be make totally by christian ! '' `` everyone donate they time and no one be pay for the movie ! it be make by a church and not Hollywood . we should spend we money on movie like this ! they only use $ 100,000 to make the film . '' `` this be by a real church and christian school in Georgia ! a preacher write and direct it . '' so , apparently , the reason I should love this movie be simply because of the way it be make and the minimum amount of money use to make it and that be be make by christian . that be all that be need for I to love the movie . <br /> <br /> look , I get the movie without know anything about the background of the film . I have never hear of it and have no idea - other than football - what it be about . I watch it like I watch any other movie and be disappoint . I be disappoint in the lousy editing and lame script . I be very disappoint on the resolution after the climax . do not worry . there have be other cheap movie and other EXPENSIVELY make movie that have earn less respect from I . it be not about the making of the movie . it be the end product . <br /> <br /> the writer acknowledge that God do not say `` yes '' to everything we pray for in the way we want , but he want to show by have faith , God change we life . that be true . however , God can change we life and we be still infertile . God can change we life and we do not get a raise from we job . God can change we life and we car be still a old jalopy . God can change we life and we house be still stinky . why do not he portray that in the movie ? other voice they concern to the writer/director over the matter , but apparently , he be defensive . <br /> <br /> I do not think the acting be horrible nor many of the landscape shot . I like the idea of go to God and recognize he awesome power and we weakness . <br /> <br /> the writing and directing be very weak . it be easy to distinguish this because many of the character have no development . all we really get from the coach 's wife be she be not pregnant -lrb- well , until the end of the movie -rrb- . it seem as if there be only ball player that have the potential to have a interesting character and that be chop to bit into `` I have a cripple father and I can not play football well , but I 'll kick the win field goal even though I have never kick a real field goal before . '' another problem be the christian school itself . Umm , I have work for two christian school , go to one myself , and have have many niece and nephew in other christian school . all in all , I have have some pretty close connection with about ten different one . none of the problem that I have see in all of these school be address . I see this as totally surreal in the movie about they school and wish they have show the human factor . it would have be nice to see a dose of reality and how God can work . <br /> <br /> I will close by state that every work - either write or draw or play on a instrument - share the artist 's world view . the world view that be show to I in this movie consist of `` people who pray the right way win ball game , get new car , conceive when they could not , get a raise , and get they house fix - all within a short time span . '' I know . I should love the movie simply due to the sincerity of the people who make it . I think I should love the movie because it be well do and for no other reason .
whoever write up `` Redline '' as a great car movie must be get pay off by Daniel Sadek to promote this ultra crappy flaming , steam pile of amateur crap . easily the worst automotive movie or any movie ever make . this make Showgirls look like Citizen Kane . <br /> <br /> take every cheesy cliché out of a 80s action tv series , put in some really crappy special effect and lame character with no relevance and you have live proof that Daniel Sadek should not write screenplay and produce movie but should remain in the real estate business . <br /> <br /> this be such a lame movie with such a lame plot and the most contrived action sequence ever . what offend I be not that the maker of this film be idiot but that they consider the movie go public to be idiot enough to fall for this crap .
it be like what other Dracula movie always do , the minion of Dracula always on Dracula 's side , which be what disappoint I at the end . regardless the person want to stay a vampire or not , I would like to see something like in the first movie that the minion fight against she master . it be much interesting -lrb- since you can almost predict how the story go -rrb- than just either the priest or D. win the game -lrb- we need some surprising plot ! -rrb- .
Judy Davis show we here why she be one of Australia 's most respect and love actor - she portrayal of a lonely , directionless nomad be first-rate . a teenaged Claudia Karvan also give we a glimpse of what would make she one of this country 's most popular actor in year to come , with future role in the BIG STEAL , the heartbreak kid , date the enemy , risk and the acclaimed tv series the SECRET LIFE of US . -lrb- incidentally , Karvan , as a child , be a young girl whose toy panda be steal outside a chemist 's shop in the 1983 drama GOING down with Tracey Mann . -rrb- if this film come you way , make sure you see it !! Rating : 79/100 . see also : HOTEL SORRENTO , RADIANCE , VACANT POSSESSION , LANTANA .
I have no idea what people be complain about . I see this movie yesterday and I really like it . Stone once again deliver a great character . she be just as good as she be in the first basic instinct . she still have those smart but tricky answer . although Sharon may be 48 year old ... she look amazing ! I do not care if she be as fake as a Barbie . she look good and that be that . basic instinct 2 give you everything you want from the first . sex , violence , and a great end that will leave you think and talk about it for hour ! half the people comment on this movie have not even see it . so do not listen to they .
this version be pretty insipid , I be afraid . Jane Eyre be one of my favorite book and have be since childhood , but William Hurt 's weary , throwaway act style be completely unsuitable to the bold passion of Edward Rochester and poor Charlotte Gainsbrough look like a bored , petulant teenager whose dental brace hurt ! I also can not believe that they eliminate Edward 's great marriage proposal scene from the end of the book , one of the most moving moment in literature . I do appreciate that they finally use such a young , plain woman to play Jane , a character who be suppose to be a worldly 18 , but if you want to see a version that closer approximate the personality and passion of the novel , please see the 70 's version with George C. Scott and Susannah York . York be too old , tall and pretty to play Jane , but no one have touch Rochester 's character the way that Scott do .
I see the new redubb and edit version yesterday and love it . then I go home and watch it with subtitle and I love it . I be ready to watch it again . <br /> <br /> I be a sucker for the mild mannered secret identity and what could be more mild mannered than a pacifist librarian ? the scene where he reveal he super power to he friend or absent mindedly forget to be meek be my favortite . <br /> <br /> of course the martial art be stunning . there be really not much I can say about they if you be familiar with the hk style . however , if you be not ... we pause playback briefly and Walker , Texas Ranger be on . we notice that after every strike there be a cut . not in black mask . <br /> <br />
I admit I have a weakness for alternate history story , from ITS A WONDERFUL LIFE to GROUNDHOG DAY to 12:01 . among those great be this little gem . it be pretty difficult to get through MR. DESTINY without give a nod of appreciation to each and every cast member , from the goodheart James Belushi to the murderous Courtney Cox . this movie lack the gravitas and scale to make it a great film , but it be a fine cheer-up on a rainy afternoon . it be also a great rental for a inexpensive date .
Directed by the duo Yudai Yamaguchi -lrb- Battlefield Baseball -rrb- and jun ` ichi Yamamoto `` Meatball Machine '' be apparently a remake of Yamamoto 's 1999 movie with the same name . I doubt I 'll ever get a chance to see the original so I 'll just stick comment on this one . First of what be `` Meatball Machine '' ? a simple in noway pretentious low budget industrial splatter flick pack with great make up effect and gore . it be not something you 'll end up write book about but it be nevertheless entertaining if you dig this type of cinema . <br /> <br /> `` Meatball Machine '' follow the well know plot . boy love girl but be too afraid to ask she on a date . boy finally meet girl . Girl get infect by a parasitic alien creature that turn she into a homicidal cyborg . boy , in turn do also transform into say thing , and go on a quest to save he love . will he succeed ? who give a damn , as long as there be carnage and death I be satisfied . <br /> <br /> the plot be simple , relatively clichéd but it do it be job well enough set the movie 's course straight forward into a bloody confrontation between the two lead character . there be a subplot focus on how the parasite that infect the girl come into to they life . and yes it too luckily show more violence . I be happy . acting be what you would expect from a no budget splatter film . it be not exactly painful for the ear but it be not exactly good either . <br /> <br /> the movie 's main attraction besides the violence and gore -lrb- like I have not mention that enough already -rrb- be the cyborg design . do by Keita Amemiya who be work in create outlandish creature and costume for both movie and video-game be well know . the necroborg as they be call in `` Meatball Machine '' look stunningly detail . without the usage of CGI Amemiya 's design be a breathtaking fusion of flesh and metal , painfully awesome in they appearance . able to transform various part of the body into cool weaponry such as saw , rocket launcher , blood-fire shotgun and so on and so on . though you can easily recognize the cheapness of the film , necroborg be a-movie class . <br /> <br /> `` Meatball Machine '' be `` Tetsuo The Iron Man '' mix up with `` Alien '' all do in low budget and extra ketchup mode . it be a immensely entertaining film that disregard modern special effect and prove that the splatter genre be still alive and kick .
I be irish and I have be live in Denmark for a while so I be look forward to go home last week so I could see Intermission . and I will go on record as say : <br /> <br /> this film be AWFUL . <br /> <br /> it be not quite as bad a something like `` the most fertile man in Ireland '' but it definitely do not stand up there with other irish film such as the commitment , I go down or Michael Collins . <br /> <br /> some aspect of the film be actually quite funny , such as Colm Meaneys american-style garda . but the film itself be shoot completely wrong . the bounce around of the camera and the constant zoom-in , zoom-out try to give the film a edgy look as if it be a gritty drama . but it be not . this be a irish lock , Stock and two smoking barrel and it should be shoot like this . it should have smooth movement from one shot to the next . the film just look sloppy and throw together . <br /> <br /> the performance be okay , give the awful script . a friend of mine say to I like it be like they just follow Colin Farrell around Dublin for a week . he give a decent display as a Dublin Dirtbag , but it no way compare to he performance in Minority Report , Tigerland or Phone Booth . the best performance be from Dierdre O'Kane who play a sexually frustrated middle-aged woman who have just be dump by she bank manager husband for a younger woman . I think she should leave she god-awful stand-up and focus more on she acting . <br /> <br /> all in all , its do in no way live up to the expectation put on it by the irish press or deserve to be even consider as one of the best irish film ever . <br /> <br /> I be expect a backlash from these comment because most people I have speak to have say it be great . but before you reply , ask yourself : would think so highly of this movie if it be set in England or America ?
have listen to and enjoy Harvey Bernhard 's Omen II commentary I be shock to discover he be also behind this absolute piece of rubbish . it be like a really bad tv movie you might glimpse in the middle of the day when you have the flu and be too ill to reach the remote . I think at the bit where Michael Lerner be confront by what I can only describe as a high school cast of Les Miserables my mouth hang open in disbelief . and then my mouth be go up and down because I be laugh so much . dire . I do not know why I have to write a minimum of ten line , I have make my point succinctly , there be nothing clever about all this modern verbiage .
a very enjoyable film , provide you know how to watch old musical / mystery . it may not come close to Agatha Christie or even thin man mystery as a film noir , but it be much more interesting than you typical `` boy meet girl '' or `` let 's put on a show '' backstage musical . as a musical , it be no Busby Berkley or Freed unit , but it can boost the classic `` coctail for two '' and the weird `` Sweet Marijuana '' . the film run in real time during a stage show , open night of the `` Vanities '' , where a murder - and soon another - be discover backstage . be the murderer find out before the curtain fall ? sure , but the search be fun , even though somewhat predictable and mar by outburst of comic relief -lrb- luckily in the shape of the shapely goddess of the chorus girl , Toby Wing -rrb- . the stupid cop be just a bit too stupid , the lead hero be just a bit too likable , the lead lady a bit too gracious , the bitchy prima donna bit too bitchy , and the enamoured waif a bit too self-sacrificing , but as stereotype go , they be pretty stylish . there be a bevy of really gorgeous chorus girl , who be choose even better than the girl for a Busby Berkley musical of the same period , who sometimes tend to be a bit on the plump side . yes , this film could have be much better than it be , and the Duke Ellington number be a embarrassment , but if you enjoy diving into old movie , this will prove to be a tremendously tantalizing trip .
this movie be extremely poorly conceive from every angle except technological . I stand and watch everyone waddle out of the theater , they face drain like they life flash before they eye -- eye wander at they neighbor , wonder if it be just they . I mean , how could the movie really be bad . nobody 'll admit it , it be a classic case of the Emperor wear no Clothes . `` who be I to question a movie contain a guy who stop a jet liner ? '' but the fact remain , every member of the audience be think what I be write right now . I actually plagiarize they face . <br /> <br /> obviously Lois be only arouse by power , she will not even have a cup of coffee with the Superman with Glasses who do not stop jet liner . it can not be the look in `` he '' eye to the depths of he soul or anything like that . in the old Supermans , she have some level of connection with he , he be not priority number 1 , obviously , but it strengthen she character that she be `` tear '' . I bet Henry Kissinger would have even win this loi over before Clark Kent . <br /> <br /> and now it be official , kryptonite do to Superman what eating at McDonalds do to the avg . person . <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN `` one '' he lose he earth dad , then find he real super dad , the story be captivating every step of the way . he be human , he relate to people and he feel love for people , he relate to highschool student , he relate to people who feel different . he relate . the Superman Returns superman seem to relate only to Superpeople and it seem he be just `` do a job '' when he be save people . <br /> <br /> there be something about Clark that Lois like , she be really internally in love with he but can not admit it , and when he come into the picture as Superman , it throw a kink in the on-the-rocks love . without Superman , she would have fall in love with Clark -lrb- at least that be what the movie point to , whether it be the intention or not -rrb- . Superman Returns be a love story between a woman and SUPERMAN , Clark be like a pile of horse maneur to Lois . literally . <br /> <br /> superman two I just watch it again . as a kid , I `` think '' I enjoy the action , but now I know it be the story that hold I then too , watch it over and over again . if I see Superman Returns as a child , I would have hate it then too , I think . <br /> <br /> there be so much heart and soul and superpower go around in this movie , it be sick . Superman give up he power for love as a world plot be go on and meanwhile , meanwhile , Lex Luther 's get something fantastic up he sleeve . <br /> <br /> superman three now there be a three-way love story between Superman and Lana and Clark , only humanity win and Clark 's inner nature beat Superman 's power , because when he supermoral nature be go and he be SuperHUMAN -lrb- who do human thing with he superpower -rrb- , she see it be not the power of Superman that she be in love with , it be not superpowerman , but SUPERMORTALman that she love -- and who be really SUPER . and when she tell Clark she `` prefer '' he to Superman , he be elated , he have make a human connection again . he want to be accept for who he be , not just for he ability to bend steel . THIS be the kind of stuff that be miss from SUPERMAN return . <br /> <br /> Clark super-sneeze to help the kid get a strike - humanity again . plus , it be a ineresting use of superpower . he be not just use straight brute strength . <br /> <br /> he crush the coal into a diamond for he woman because she have to sell hers , love be the only thing that drive he to use he power other than for saving . <br /> <br /> it seem there be nothing at stake in Superman Returns . even in Superman three , we see the damages cause by the nemesis ' world domination plot . . we see suffer , we see how it effect Pryor and other and people in the middle of it . . there be no damage , esp . emotional from Lex 's plot to sink the US . we see a glob of crystal throw into space . . Superman have to get very creative in the first three superman in order to stop the plot against he , he could not just `` access '' he superpower . in the first one , he have to stop two missile go in different direction and then break he universal mandate and erase history to save Lois ' life ... -lrb- this be thirty year ago !! '' -rrb- in the second one , he have to outsmart three guy that he be already more powerful than , but combine with lex 's genius , and the villain ' immoral tactic , Superman 's overpower be not enough , he have to work one against the other and outsmart they ... in Superman III , again , he superpower be not enough to win . . he have to outsmart a computer that calculate everything it see . he could not use straight aggression on the computer because it calculate it in advance , so he have to use a benign acid that would only become deadly to the computer after the computer respond to the aggression . and he find that acid earlier when he could not simply use he superpower to blow out a fire because it be a chemical fire , so he have to use he superbrain -- he could not carry water , so he freeze a lake and drop it on the fire . . now in Superman Returns , he simply lunge the island into outerspace , like a night temp for UPS . he do not need to figure anything out , he just use he `` super strength '' . and Lex Luther 's brilliance be show at the premeditation level of a junkie who just run out of junk . <br /> <br /> to say nothing of the fact that he throw that island into outerspace after get stab with a knife of kyrptonite right in the bloodstream and the island itself be drip kryptonite spore in he face , but he just avert he eye and nose like it be not Grey Poupon he be look at .
really bad movie . maybe the worst I have ever see . alien invasion , a la The Blob , without the acting . Meteorite turn beautiful woman into a host body for nasty tongue . bad plot , bad fake tongue . absurd comedy worth miss . Wash you hair or take out the trash .
if you know the story of Grey Owl , you 'll love the movie ! Annie Galipeau be a great actress , and Pierce be better than never in Grey Owl . but in this movie there be no real scene of action . I think this movie should be nominate at the Oscars ! Welll go see this movie , it be a classic !
this solid little horror film be actually one of Renny Harlin 's best . the story be pretty routine stuff , but the atmosphere be what really make it come alive ; in fact , the ghost story be almost a afterthought . the real horror come from the prison set itself , and Renny H. spare no detail in show we how bad the condition be inside that crumble , leak , rat-infested old hellhole -lrb- with a sadistic warden , too ! -rrb- Viggo Mortensen be excellent as usual in the lead role , support by some very authentic-looking prisoner -lrb- there be no pretty boy in this cast . -rrb- horror fan should check this one out .
I be so happy and surprise that there be so much interest in this movie ! Jack Frost be my introduction into the film produce and distribute by a-pix entertainment , and without exception , everything this company deal with be pure crap ! first , and this be very important , never ever watch this movie sober ! why would you ? unlike many other entertaingly bad movie , this one I feel be make intentionally bad . I just can not get over how fake the snowman be , which be why its always show only briefly , the way it move be the best ! this movie be Waaaaaaaaaaay better than the Michael Keaton piece of crap , becuz that be make too be a good movie , and that version be as bad as this .
i be not a fan of see this movie at all , but when my gf call I and say she have a free advanced screening pass i tag along only for the sake of see eva longorium and laughing at jason bigg antic . <br /> <br /> overall it be actually better then i expect but not by much . this be like a hybrid of how to lose a guy in 10 day and just like heaven . a typical romantic comedy with its moment i guess . the movie be quite short though -lrb- around 85 min . -rrb- but it be enough to tell the whole story , build some character development and have a decent happy ending . the whole idea of a ghost haunt its former husband be a interesting plot to follow . eva do a good job of keep up the sarcasm and paul rudd and the rest of the support cast -lrb- especially jason bigg -rrb- keep the laugh come at a smooth pace . <br /> <br /> overall i like the movie only because it have a good amount of laugh to keep I go otherwise i would have give this movie a lower rating . hey its a chick flick and i be review this movie from a guy 's persepctive alright , it would be more of a fair fight if female reviewy this movie and give there thought about it .
supposedly base on the life of Domino Harvey a model turn bounty hunter . I would say 95 % be fabricate . I always keep a open mind when it come to movie , however , this movie lose its chance when it become apparent it have narration throughout the film , something i can not stand , and to top it off , the heroine of the story be so hateful and depict as a arrogant b!ch I just want it to end with she be shoot in the head . it be too incoherent , too flashy and way too boring , it be a who give a crap kinda story , and i really think that big time director need to make movie base on they own or a writer 's own imagination not something base on some ignorant snobby brat 's life .
DO NOT watch this movie if you love the classic such as TOM WOPAT , JOHN SCHNEIDER , CATHERINE BACH , SORRELL BOOKE , JAMES BEST , DENVER PYLE , SONNY SHROYER , and BEN JONES ! THIS MOVIE will DISSAPPOINT you badly ! First of all , this movie start out with Bo and Luke run moonshine for Jesse . Bo and Luke would not do that ever on the real series ! this movie portray unimaginable character do thing that never would have happen in the series . in the series , Uncle Jesse be honest , and law-abiding . in this movie , he be a criminal who be make moonshine and smoking weed with the governor of Georgia . plus , if this be a extension add on to the Dukes of Hazzard Reunion ! and the Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood , I have one question : HOW COULD UNCLE JESSE be MAKING MOONSHINE when he die before the duke of HAZZARD in Hollywood MOVIE ? and HOW be BOSS HOGG ALIVE when he die before the reunion movie in 1997 ! movie and rosco run HAZZARD ? it seem magical that THESE CHARACTERS come back to LIFE , when THEY HAVE BEEN DEAD for 11 and 8 year ? if Hollywood really want to make a good movie , they should have bring back James best , John Schneider , Tom Wopat , Ben Jones , and Catherine Bach like they do in 1997 and 2000 and make a family friendly movie with the living original character that make the show what it be and still be compare to this disgusting , disgraced movie ! if you want to see good duke movie , either buy the original series , or go out to walmart.com and buy the dvd set of 2 that include the Reunion , and Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood movie ! they both star the original cast , and be family friendly ! do not waste you time on a movie that be not worth the cd it be write on !
of the three remake of this plot , I like they all , I have all three on VHS and in addition have a copy of this one on dvd . there be just enough variation in the script to make all three entertaining and re-watchable . in addition have any other film be remake three time with such all star cast in each ? of course the main star in this one be great , but the support actor be also superb . I particularly like William Tracy as Pepi . he be such a scene stealer that I have search to find other movie he be in . he appear in many , but most be not available . as the other comment , I also say - buy this one .
if you love the thin man series , you will love this movie . Powell 's character of Vance be very similar to he character of Nick Charles . there be even dog ... <br /> <br /> the chemistry between Powell and Astor may not be as fabulous as Powell and Loy , but it be not half bad .
i find it highly intellectual and artistic in every way ! i feel that the script be convey all the thing i feel physically and emotionally when i get home from work and watch , it . this be a tribute to cinema in the highest form and format . <br /> <br /> holy guacamole ! how i wish those day would come again . i try put a bubble window on the side of my car -lrb- honda civic 1984 -rrb- , but the vacuum form muffin tray do not quite cut it . also in my civic , sexual position be limited and be not support by water bed as be brilliantly depict in ` the van ' . <br /> <br /> ` the van ' be of the utmost side splitting hilarity and can even substitute for porn if you watch some scene privately . <br /> <br /> i highly anticipate that Sam Grossman -lrb- the director -rrb- have achieve he opus . <br /> <br /> rating john : **** 1/2 Sam : *****
this be by far the worst movie I have ever see . I be go in expect a cheesy movie but at least with some cool car scenes/races . what I get be nothing . the racing scene be so low budget they speed they up to make it look like the car be `` go fast '' in one scene a Mercedes SLR go from over 200 to 0 in like 4 seconds by just spin around in circle . its just ridiculous . <br /> <br /> if you wan na see a real movie about car , see the fast and the furious series . they may be a little cheesy , but 100x better than this movie could ever hope to be . better yet just watch Mischief 3000 , the best car movie ever make I think .
bad movie for sure . it be such a ridiculous fantasy with a lot of poor special effect , a lot of hasty scene -lrb- the airport one for example -rrb- , and a real unfunny time . -lrb- Charles Dance -rrb- be awful as the evil guy and he be much better in -lrb- last Action hero -rrb- . -lrb- Eddie Murphy -rrb- be do a non-comic joking , and I hear that this sink have already succeed , big time success ??!! I 'll never understand why or how ?! in one tv interview I have hear -lrb- Eddie Murphy -rrb- himself , when he be nominate for a Oscar 2007 , regret it in a comic way !! <br /> <br /> one of the comment say -lrb- hey ... it be the 1980s ! -rrb- . well , no my friend . it be the cinematic foolishness which make a lot of razzie movie all over the year whether it be the 1980s or the 1950s ! <br /> <br /> there be 2 reason make I write about this movie . the first be that I 'll never forget the long tan fascinating leg of -lrb- Charlotte Lewis -rrb- especially when she be on bed before the bad guy attack she house , wear just a blue shirt and oh boy the camera be versify about she naked leg as it should be . but how odd ! as I have watch she in follow movie and she be not that beautiful again ?!! anyhow the second reason be that I have find this movie 's title lately at my list of the worst 100 movie ever ! <br /> <br /> the bottom line : bad movie , Greeeeeat leg .
this be a atrocious movie . two demented young woman seduce and torture a middle aged man . there be not much to give away in regard to a plot or a `` spoiler '' . I would only comment that the end be nearly the most preposterous part of the flick . much of the film involve Locke and Camp cackle obnoxiously , all the while grin psychotically at the camera . add to this a soundtrack that repeat again and again , include a vaudevillian song about `` dear old dad '' that suggest a incestuous quality the viewer never really see . the music be annoy at first , then end up subject the viewer to a torture worse than that depict on the screen . the theme here be of youth run amok , understandable as a reaction to the '60 , but do with little imagination or style . avoid it !
I happen across `` bait '' on cable one night just as it start and think , `` Eh , why not ? '' I be glad I give it a chance . <br /> <br /> `` bait '' be not perfect . it suffer from unnecessarily flashy direction and occasional dumbness . but overall , this movie work . all the element align just right , and they pull off what otherwise could have be a pretty ugly film . <br /> <br /> most of that , I think , be due to Jamie Foxx . I do not know who tag Foxx for the lead , but whoever it be do this movie a big favor . believable and amazingly likeable , Foxx glide through the movie , smooth as butter and funnier than hell . you can tell he be work on instinct , and instinct do not fail he . <br /> <br /> the plot , while unimportant , actually tie together pretty well , and there be even a character arc through which Foxx 's character grow as a person . again , they could have slip by without any of this , but it just make thing that much better . <br /> <br /> I be surprised at the low rating for this . maybe I just catch this move on the right night , or vice versa , but I would give it a 7/10 . Bravo , Mssr . Foxx .
I find this movie to be very good in all area . the acting be brilliant from all character , especially ms.stone and Morissey . Tramell 's Character just get smarter and more psychologically twist by the minute . the plot be interesting even though , this movie be more for the mind playing between the main character and how Catherine continue she writing with new way and twist for she novel . the setting be also fabulous and the whole atmosphere of the movie be that mysterious , thriller like masterpiece . go see this film now , it deserve better than what it get from the audience , which be mislead by some faulty terrible review about the movie -lrb- before it even start -rrb- ... you will not regret it , if you go see it ...
somehow a woman work with a scientist put round metal ball into people 's mouth that supposedly change they personality but in reality turn they into craze , zombie-like killer . the `` guinea pig '' for the experiment be scantily-clad , nubile young woman in desperate need of act lesson . this movie be awful , atrocious , and amazingly bad . it have little to no logic in the script . you really will have trouble follow what be go on . it have no special effect . the computer screen that be supposedly represent a huge scientific advancement look nothing more than a old Atari screen . and what be even worse be that there be also a puppet with strand of feel hair -lrb- look like a lonely kid at summer camp make it -rrb- name George that be like a personal servant/confidant to Jessica -lrb- the lead `` actress '' -rrb- . throughout the movie you will be subject to the idiotic , sophmoric uttering of this puppet . but wait ... you also get load of softcore , unerotic , barely nude scene with the girl with some bar guy . all the while a most annoying soundtrack play in the background like some kind of spiritual discovery have take place . none of the actor be good . there be just vary degree of bad . the gore and `` horror '' aspect be especially ineptly film . the film really look like a adolescent put it together . no coincidence Henry Sala , the director by name but not by trade , have not make another film . I be bore almost into a coma watch this stupid , silly , dreck ! and how bout the end ? what happen ? if you know let I in on the secret because for the life of I I can not figure it out . all I know be that I lose the time spend watch this garbage that make the beginning of my weekend a real nightmare of a bear !
I read some comment on the internet about this film like '' ... harder then Hostel ... '' , `` the camera never screen of when it be get really brutal ... '' . but none of they be true . the camera never screen of , because there be nothing to screen of . the same scene be repeat hundred and hundred time again . woman lie on a table , killer rape woman a few time , killer cut woman into piece -lrb- you never see this during the whole film ! -rrb- . police come and arrest he . killer fool the jury . Film over . in Germany we would say : `` Viel Lärm um Nichts '' . all in all , one of the most boring film I ever see . absolutely non-recommendable .
this review apply for the cut of the film that be generally available as `` fury of the Wolfman '' . I understand there be a uncut version out there with additional footage , and I would hope that it contain at least eight or nine crucial scene that seem to be miss from the cut know as `` fury of the Wolfman '' . in short , the movie make absolutely no sense whatsoever . it be utter nonsense , and incomprehensible nonsense at that . <br /> <br /> Waldemar Daninsky , that venerable lycanthropic antihero portray by Paul Naschy in a seemingly endless series of film , be apparently a normal guy who have just come back from a trip to Tibet , where he be attack by a yeti . somehow this have turn he into a werewolf . Daninsky be a doctor , a scientist , and a instructor at what appear to be a college . one of he female colleague , Ilona Elmann , be involve in a vague form of hypnosis ... `` Chematodes '' , a nonsense word use to refer to a bunch of wire attach to a victim 's head . Ellman feel this will enable she to `` change the direction of the human brain '' , naturally enable she to rule the world , provide she can get we all attach to those wire with no trouble . <br /> <br /> elmann be also into werewolf , because she kidnap Daninsky and take he to she hidden laboratory . she have a bunch of other people trap there as well . some of they look like gypsy , and be chained up , be in vary state of lucidity . other be clearly hippie . Elmann feel that one day she may be able to `` help they be human again '' -lrb- ? -rrb- , but in the meantime she control they with she chematode . Waldemar become she hairy hit man , wander around like a werewolf zombie -- that be until the filmmaker decide to use footage splice in from another Naschy werewolf film , `` Frankenstein 's Bloody terror '' -lrb- do not ask -rrb- , at which point Naschy 's werewolf makeup change considerably and he lurch around like a animal . <br /> <br /> be this make any sense ? no ? good . that be the film 's saving grace . it do not try and engage you on any kind of intellectual level , it just go full speed ahead with whatever nonsense dialogue or cheap horror movie set it can muster up . `` fury of the Wolfman '' may be the best Halloween party movie ever . you absolutely do not need to pay attention to it , and in fact if you do , you will be completely confuse .
and I give it a high 7 ... <br /> <br /> why ? because it bloody well rock . at the time when there be so many other show on that be tie to toys/games this show be unique in that it have overlap story . as other have say here it be ahead of its time . <br /> <br /> sadly this be why the show be doom . they have release 4 dvd with 16 episode of the series so far . I be hope that more come out . <br /> <br /> how do this compare watch it now 20 year after it first come out . . I do not know I still like it despite the sometimes clunky animation , and that imho be it be only flaw . the writing be almost top notch and way ahead of the competition ... ... <br /> <br /> I do hope for more dvd or even a set of all the episode in proper order ... the dvd be good but I do not think the story be in they proper order , but despite this the show rock .
just have to write that one liner , but it really be . I love the gangster genre and this be the weakest entry I have see in recent year . I have praise for everyone involve in most aspect except the most important one , the script . it be a weak story about a petty criminal . no amount of fine act or black and white film styling can make up for a total lack of substance . I love Kevin Spacey and I hear he be gon na do another film about the general . my advice be do not waste you time .
both my friend and I think this movie be well do . we expect a light hearted comedy but get a full blow action movie with comic thrust . we both think that this movie may have not do so well at the box office as the preview lead we to believe it be a comedy . I be impress with the support actor and of course Dave Morse always put in a terrific act job . most of the support cast be veteran not first timer and they be solid . we both feel that the writing and direction be first rate and make comment to each other about buy this movie . if you do not buy rent it for a good time .
from the filmmaker who bring we the March of the Penguins , I guess that come with plenty of expectation for the Fox and the Child . from the harsh winter of the South Pole to the lush wilderness in France , the narrative now become part documentary and part fairy tale , which tell of the friendship between the two titular character , Renard the fox and its friendship with the child who christen it , play by Bertille Noel-Beuneau . <br /> <br /> the story 's frankly quite simple , and at time this movie would have look like the many japanese movie which children-miscellaneous animal strike a friendship after the development of trust , and how they go about hang around each other , deal with respective adversary and the likes . here , the child meet the elegant fox near she home up in the mountain , which provide for plenty of beautiful picture-postcard perfect shot that a cinematographer will have to go into overdrive to capture . <br /> <br /> but while we indulge in wistful scenery , the character do not get to establish that level of trust from the onset , and we have to wait a few season to past , and 45 minute into the film , before they find a leveler in food . the child persistently attempt at strike a bond with the objective of tame the creature for she own amusement , but the fox , well , as other notion of course . while I think the narrative be pretty weak , unlike March of the penguin which have that human narrative interpretation of what be happen on screen , what excel here be the documentary element of the movie , trace the life and time of the fox as both a predator , and a prey . <br /> <br /> between the two , more tension and drama be give to the latter , especially when deal with traditional foe like wolf , and grant , those sequence be fairly intense especially when the child get embroil in it . otherwise , it be plain sailing and quite a bear as the two of they go about they playing with each other , in shot that you know have undergo some movie magic editing . there be surprisingly dark moment in the movie that be not really quite suitable for child , as those in the same hall attest to it by bawl they eye out suddenly , so parent , you might want to take note and not let you toddler disturb the rest of the movie goer . <br /> <br /> as a film , I would have prefer this to be a complete documentary ala the March of the Penguins , but I guess the way it be resent , probably have the objective of warn we not to meddle with nature , and that some thing be just not mean to be , and should stay as such . decent movie that lean on the strength of the chemistry between Bertille Noel - Bruneau , and the multiple fox that play Renard .
before I would see this , I have see some pretty bad Christmas film . but once I see this , `` Jingle all the way '' look better than `` the Godfather '' . `` Santa Claus '' be a jolly film about Santa help out some kid , but it almost feel demonic watch it . Santa 's jolly ho-ho-ho be replace by a evil , devilish laugh that I be sure have turn many kid off of Christmas . the plot of this massacre be very strange , which fit along with all of the performance and dialog . Santa live high above Earth in the North Pole where he , and kid from all around the world get ready for Christmas . but Santa have a enemy name Pitch , or Satan . pitch try to ruin Santa 's Christmas by make three boy naughty , and by create diversion , like move the chimney and make the doorknob hot . when Pitch cause Santa to be attack by a dog , it be up to Santa 's helper Pedro and Merlin the wizard to get Santa out of this pickle . <br /> <br /> everything about this film , along with be downright bad , be so bizarre . Satan dance a lot and he actually seem much more merry than Santa . Santa talk about deliver present to all the boy and girl , yet he seem to only deliver to 5 house of kid in Mexico . the reindeer be wind up toy , and when the reindeer laugh , I be amaze it do not bring tear to kid 's eye ... it be frightening . everything be terrible . the first 10 minute be simply Santa play the organ while kid sing to it . probably one of the strangest scene be Santa shooting Pitch in the butt with a mini-cannon and uproariously laugh about it while pitch dance around in pain . I think parent be better off tell they little kid about where baby come from , than show they this . the only positive be it will have you laugh hysterically if you can appreciate bad cinema . <br /> <br /> my rating : bomb / **** . 85 min .
first , before read further , you must understand that I be not neo-nazi , I be just try to understand correctly Hitler to be sure nobody like he take power again . <br /> <br /> I have see this series and find it awful . I mean , ok , it be interesting to look , but be it real ? I search for answer and find one : absolutely not . first , Hitler be not angry all he life , the series show a angry Hitler , even when he be a child . second , Hitler never want to abuse he daughter , in fact , it be highly probable that Hitler , in reality , be gay and fight all he life to choke this secret . Third , people will hate I but it be true : Hitler be charming . how do you think he manage to get to power if he be so hateful and ugly ? because he be charming . that be a common point I find in the interview of people who live near or far of he -lrb- of course , not Jews -rrb- . <br /> <br /> this series be awful because if you think that Hitler be just a angry bastard , ugly , and of course , not charming at all , you be wrong . if you think that , you will let people like he take power in country and you do not want that . if you really understand how Hitler manage to get into power , and stop think he be just awful , you 'll be able to find dangerous politician like he -lrb- of course , remember he be elect -rrb- and stop theme before it be too late . <br /> <br /> life be important to protect , this series be just awful to show we the truth , if we continue to see Hitler like that , another one will take place exactly as the first do .
I see the 10p . m. showing and I must say that this movie be nothing special . although I do not leave the theater want my time back -lrb- as I do not actually pay for movie anymore -rrb- I do not really find any redeeming quality . <br /> <br /> there be a few line and such that make I chuckle , but mostly the film seem to consist of rampant fan service to the younger -lrb- in mind more than age as this film be rate R -rrb- male audience . the fan service seem out of place and rather distract as well . I know you all want to hear Samuel L. say he infamous line , but let 's be honest , it be a whole lot of hype for very little pay off . the only truly horrible part of the film be the cg , which look very digitized and do not mesh well with the live action on the screen . <br /> <br /> now I be a reasonable man , I know go into the theater that I be not go to be see `` casablanka , '' and I be at least thankful that this film be a original -lrb- albiet inane -rrb- idea and not some re-make or franchise spin off . however to be honest , if you be not a part of the cult follow you be probably better off spend you money elsewhere and see the film either in a second run theater in a few week or rent it in a few month .
another violent , angry fantasy from Paul Verhoeven . Verhoeven be a puzzle : it be difficult to tell whether he take he sordid impulse seriously , with sardonic intent or operate in complete oblivion . he also seem completely ignorant of the fact that all the brilliant visual in the world -lrb- and this have some outstanding one -rrb- can not hide a negligence to story , dialogue and performance . Kevin Bacon play a corrupt scientist who have discover invisibility and use it to drive himself into moral bankruptcy . Bacon be normally a likable actor who occasionally show he dark side -lrb- ` The River Wild ' -rrb- in a attempt to offset he boyish look ; give the material , however , Bacon be not nearly hateful enough to compel . the other principal be Elisabeth Shue and Josh Brolin , neither of whom be gifted enough to make a solid impression and who , when force to deliver inane dialogue , embarrass themselves . the climax be a study in preponderance and disbelief have to be truly suspend .
the key to the joy and beauty , the pain and sadness of life be we ability to accept that life basically be what it be so we do not constantly struggle against that single compelling truth . in so do , we find peace . elegant in its simplicity but so hard for most of we to grasp . <br /> <br /> in this film , the director show we this truth but allow we to discover it in we own way . this be a beautiful yet simple story , more of a fable , which be play very well . watch the actor be more like be in a room with real people than it be just watch actor . <br /> <br /> I struggle with how to write a review of this fine film so other would be motivate to see it . I be at a loss . the story be about man in a bath house . sound like a real turn off , right ? but , nothing could be farther from the truth . the american title for this film be the shower but that be almost a antithesis to a major thematic element in this film , which be the bath . I be still at a loss . talk about the story or the character will not do they justice . <br /> <br /> so , I 'll just tell you how much I enjoy watch this movie and how touching and move the experience be . I be also quite entertain . I care deeply for the character and I care deeply about what happen to they . for any story , that be the highest form of praise . <br /> <br /> if you be move by movie like the King of Masks or not one less , then make sure you see the shower . Netflix have it and the dvd video and sound quality be excellent . I watch it in the original lanquage with well do and well place English sub . <br /> <br />
although the movie take place at a `` Ivy League '' college , it be in fact shot entirely in northern Arizona , mostly at northern Arizona University in Flagstaff in the fall of 1976 . I be involve in the theater department there , and most of the extra in the film be then-member of the theater department . <br /> <br /> there be a absolutely ludicrous scene in this film -lrb- if you know you Arizona geography -rrb- that show several cast member ride bike from the college to a creek . we nau'er know that the campus and say creek -lrb- actually Oak Creek Canyon -rrb- be about 35 mile apart , and while the trip there be all downhill , it would be literally impossible to ride a bike back up that same road !
the animation be fab and the film funny . the two circus bug , tuck/roll be very funny . if you wait till the credit at the end , you see a very funny sequence of film , where they show the bug pretend to do thing wrong like in other movie , that be clever as it make the character more human and beliveable .
First off , I agree with quite a bit that escape Mr. Chomsky 's mouth . he matter-of-fact delivery of interesting counterpoint be what make the man a hit on the university campus circus . he come across likable , unassuming , pragmatic . he do not cater to the current political style -lrb- obnoxious bi-partisanship -rrb- and he set he sight on the far leave as well as the far right , chastise both , and for good reason . <br /> <br /> unfortunately , the film itself be a dud . in fact , I would not even call this a documentary but rather just a collection of speech . watch `` rebel without a pause '' be no different from watch a speaker on a 3am tape segment on CSPAN . there be no camera movement , no edit , no stylistic touch . there be no story , no narrative . <br /> <br /> Technically speaking , the production be strictly amateurish . Audio be terrible and inconsistent ; sometimes we can not hear Noam speak , other time we can not hear the question that be be posit by those in attendance . when Noam be speak rarely be we allow to see the reaction of the audience except when we be give a quick shot of he wife who apparently attend every one of he speech and beam with pride every time we see she . <br /> <br /> I can not recommend this film and would say that you be probably better off check out he tape speech on cassette or cd to listen to in the car . <br /> <br /> 4 out of 10 star ... and I be in a generous mood today .
the penultimate collaboration between director Anthony Mann and star James Stewart -lrb- exclude the few day Mann work on Night passage before parting company with the star under less than amicable circumstance -rrb- , the far country belie its mainstream look to offer another portrait of a embittered man drag unwillingly to he own redemption , fight it every step of the way . this time he be a cattle driver whose response to labour problem - challenging troublesome cowhand to a gunfight at the end of the trail - result in he cattle be confiscate by John McIntire 's larcenous judge of the Roy Bean school of law and order . steal they back and take they across the canadian border , he soon find himself unwillingly draw into the grow conflict between prospector and the judge as he cheat or kill they out of they claim ... <br /> <br /> while it be no great surprise which way Stewart turn at the end , he be a surprisingly callous critter along the way , even use he desire to just be leave alone to excuse not warn a group of prospector of a impending avalanche when he have the chance because it be not he problem . for most of the film there be really only a hair 's breadth between he and McIntire , something the judge recognise immediately , revel in the company of a kindred spirit even as he be genially plan to lynch he . in many way the townspeople who put they faith in he probably recognise it too - despite they appeal to he dead-and-buried better nature , there be a unspoken acknowledgement that the only person who can stand up to the judge be someone almost as bad as he be . <br /> <br /> as usual with Mann there be a exceptional use of high country location , though for once the final showdown take place on level ground , and the film be almost perfectly cast with strong support from Walter Brennan , Harry Morgan and Ruth Roman -lrb- though Corinne Calvert 's young romantic interest veer to the irritating -rrb- . sadly the great cinematography of the canadian Rockies be do few favour by a distinctly average dvd transfer , with only the theatrical trailer as a extra .
this film be so unbelievable ; - the whole premise be bunkum ; the fact that a serial killer -lrb- vampire or otherwise -rrb- could fly around untraced and kill as many people as the film imply be laughable . the vampire himself would not look out of place in a Bela Lugosi film . most of the acting be so wooden the actor should be treat for dry rot . I await the day when someone make a decent film from a Steven King novel -lrb- with the exception , possibly , of stand by I -rrb- . this film suffer from what most Stephen King film do - lack of money use for the `` special '' effect , poor actor , appalling characterisation and dialogue . this film be cheap , tacky and fail in everything it try to do .
I rent the video of `` the Piano teacher '' know nothing about it other than what be write on the video box . I do this with some trepidation because film that win award at Cannes be usually very good or very bad . unfortunately , this one fall in the latter category . about one quarter of the way into it I find myself say out loud , `` this movie be bore . '' about half way through I be say to myself , `` where have I see this before ? '' at the three quarter mark I have figure it out . <br /> <br /> in spite of its literary origin , this film be essentially a remake of Robert Altman 's much earlier -lrb- 1969 -rrb- , and better , `` that Cold Day in the Park . '' although the detail obviously differ and Altman 's work be more plot-driven and less of a character study , the two film be thematically identical . there be nothing `` new '' to be see in this production . every aspect of it have be do before : a character spiral out of control with increasingly self-destructive behavior -lrb- Abel Ferrara 's `` Bad Lieutenant '' 1992 -rrb- ; a perverse and doomed ` love ' culminate in a operatic -lrb- near -rrb- death scene -lrb- David Cronenberg 's `` M. Butterfly '' 1993 -rrb- ; uncommonly brutal sex scene -lrb- David Lynch 's `` Blue Velvet '' 1986 -rrb- ; and so on . hence , I be bemused by the fact that so many find the film to be `` shocking , '' `` shatter , '' etc. . this highly derivative film seem to have be make for the sole purpose of make viewer feel uncomfortable , and clearly succeed with some . however , I largely attribute such a reaction to a lack of film-viewing experience . see enough movie and you really will , eventually , have see it all . and while it be true that I see the expurgate ` r-rated ' version , I doubt that the additional scene would change my overall opinion of `` the Piano teacher . '' <br /> <br /> Technically , the film be not without merit . there be some very good camera work and the lighting be excellent . Isabelle Huppert 's creditable performance also help save it from be a waste of time . this be the first of Haneke 's film that I have see , and if I be to see more I expect I would have the same opinion of he that I have of Ferrara : a interesting director but not nearly the genius other make he out to be . Rating : 4/10 .
possibly the most brilliant thing about Che : Part two , as we begin to integrate it with Part one in we mind , be that there be no clarification of why Che choose to confidentially abscond from Cuba after the revolution , no allusion to he experience in the Congo , no clarification of why he choose Bolivia as he subsequent setting for a coup d'etat , no allusion to the political decision he make as a young man motorcycling across South America , which Walter Salles have give prominent familiarity . extraordinary focus be give to Che meet the volunteer who accompany he guerrilla faction . yet hardly any endeavor be make to single they out as individual , to establish involved relationship . he be reasonably unreasonable . Che drive a unbreakable doctrine to leave no wounded man behind . but there be no feeling that he be deeply directly concern with he man . it be the concept . <br /> <br /> in part 1 , in Cuba , the rebel be welcome by the people of the village , give food and cover , support in what grow to be a victorious revolution . here , in Bolivia , not much understanding be apparent . villager expose he . they protect government troops , not he own . when he expound on the onesidedness of the government medical system , he audience appear uninterested . you can not lead a people into revolution if they do not want to comply . Soderbergh show U.S. military adviser work with the Bolivians , but do not fault the United States for Che 's collapse . Che seem to have just misfigure he fight and the place where he want to have it . <br /> <br /> in showcase both war , Soderbergh do not build he battle scene as action with specific result . Che 's man attack and be attack . they exchange fire with faraway assailant . there be generally a cut to the group in the aftershock of combat , its death toll not pause for . this be not a war movie . it be about one man 's reasonably unreasonable drive to endure . there be no elaborate cinematography . Soderbergh look firmly at Che 's inflexible dedication . there be remarkable sporadic visceral shot , but be few they be all the more powerful , such as Che 's pov shot during he final beat . there be a abundance of the terrain , where these man live for week at a time , and the all-consuming effect be of languor , Guevara himself have malaria part of the time . <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro , one of the film 's producer , give a champion 's performance , not least because it be modest . he be not portray as the cut edge like most epic hero . in Cuba , he arise in conquest , in Bolivia , he fall to the reverse , and occasionally be actually difficult to distinguish behind a tangle of beard and hair . Del Toro illustrate not so much a identity as a attitude . you may think the film be too long . I think there be a genuine cause for its breadth . Guevara 's affair in Cuba and particularly Bolivia be not a sequence of episode and sketch , but a undertaking of stay power that might virtually be call insane . in the end , Che as a whole or in part be a commercially ballsy movie , one where its director begin by understand the limit innate in cinematic biography and work progressively within those means .
this be on the 30th anniversary dvd for blaze Saddles , itself brilliant , but not this . nowhere do I see Mel Brook 's name on here and I can guess why , he be get a lot more sense to not be associate with this pilot . my gawd , who would find this funny . sure there may be a race issue but for I it just be not funny , well cause it be simply not funny . it be like the writer do not even try to be funny , just to cash in on be tie with blaze saddle . do they expect this show to go for several season when they make this pilot ? flat out , they do not care . it be a quick cash cow which thank god do not cash out . I guess it be useful for historical purpose only , or only to demonstrate how stupid and unimaginative Hollywood writer can be .
this be possibly the worst version of the play I have see - several time on stage apart from the movie . <br /> <br /> a very nice idea for the set up - the American South can give a credible backdrop for the extreme reaction round hero 's suppose misdemeanour . <br /> <br /> but the execution ! Widdoes be a very mannered Beatrice give a particularly poor performance . Waterston , a fine actor , be not much better as Benedict . <br /> <br /> the poorest performance be in the role of Don John - it make Keanu Reeves look good . perhaps the desire to make it a caricature along the line of the villain who tie the maiden to the train track fit with the keystone kop caper of Dogberry and he man - but the act make you want to cringe . <br /> <br /> successful set-up include the scene where they fool Benedict into believe Beatrice love he - be the act competent it would be superb . but the use of the river and the visual humour of Benedict move closer be well produce . <br /> <br /> overall I have to force myself to keep watch but it certainly do not keep my attention . <br /> <br /> very disappointing . <br /> <br /> with respect to latter comment above I be nearly 40 . I have be watch stage and screen production of Shakespeare for over 2 decade . Might I suggest when try to defend you friend you speak to the piece rather than attack other reviewer when you be so inadequately arm in term of fact . I can assume though , from you distaste regard youth , that you be of sufficient age where the mannered acting of bygone day be more to you taste . <br /> <br /> my personal favourite pairing be Rylance and McTeer on the London stage . unlike Widdoes , McTeer , a skilled and charismatic performer , can act .
I watch Lion king more time that all my friend put togther . have a baby sister . . you know how it be . by now i memorize both the plot and the line . after Lion king 2 come out i be like ok well let I see ... the second one be significantly weaker ... then i see a ad for lion king 1 and 1/2 ... I be like ok there we go again . after watch the 1 1/2 i be like wow . all my expectation -lrb- for repetitevness -rrb- be break . a truly lovely and original plot keep you glue to you seat for the entire time . I have notice that the cartoon be fill with so many comical moment that ROFlmao will apply here 100 % . <br /> <br /> I definetly recommend see the cartoon .
before George Clooney direct Sam Rockwell in he directorial debut `` confession of a dangerous mind '' , they star together in this movie . George Clooney also be involve with this movie as a producer , along with Steven Soderbergh , which show that they really believe in this project . in potential this also seem like a fine and entertaining project , that be in the same line with movie-remake such as `` Ocean 's eleven '' and `` the italian Job '' but somehow this movie be only halve successful , or at least it be not as good as it could have be . <br /> <br /> the movie its character be all be play by some fine well know actor but a shame be that the character be not really give enough room to develop . even though in they potential they could have turn into fun and enjoyable character , they be now only character that mildly entertain because mostly of some of the more quirky sequence that be in the movie . the fact that they be be play do not change much to this , even though they prevent they character from ever become a total bear or perhaps even annoying , or anything like that at all . <br /> <br /> it be of course due to the write that the character be not use to they full potential . I can only assume that the original italian movie `` I soliti ignoti '' work out much better than this movie do . the movie rely too much on its simple story and predictable way of storytelling . <br /> <br /> nevertheless the movie be simply still a very fun one to watch maybe because of that very same simplicity . it be a harmless little caper movie , in which you simply should not to worry much about the story . in that regard `` welcome to Collinwood '' be still a movie that work out and simply serve its purpose well . <br /> <br /> it be a movie that you will not regret watch once you have finish it but it also be a movie you can really easily do without ever see . <br /> <br /> 7/10
I can admit that the screenplay be not very good , and that it have some slow part , but all of you critic of this movie need to learn how to have some fun . First of all , the performance be great -lrb- Michael Douglas , Kim Basinger , Kiefer Sutherland , and Eva Longoria . Michael Douglas prove he have still get it , and Kim Basinger play a very interesting character as the cheating wife . Kiefer Sutherland and Eva Longoria , play the dynamic duo , both add they incredible talent to the pot . and second of all , this movie be the most fun I have have in year in a Theodore . its plain and simple , if you want to go to the movie , and have a lot of fun see , the Sentinel .
I go and see this movie last night after be coax to by a few friend of mine . I 'll admit that I be reluctant to see it because from what I know of Ashton Kutcher he be only able to do comedy . I be wrong . Kutcher play the character of Jake Fischer very well , and Kevin Costner play Ben Randall with such professionalism . the sign of a good movie be that it can toy with we emotion . this one do exactly that . the entire theater -lrb- which be sell out -rrb- be overcome by laughter during the first half of the movie , and be move to tear during the second half . while exit the theater I not only see many woman in tear , but many full grown man as well , try desperately not to let anyone see they cry . this movie be great , and I suggest that you go see it before you judge .
actor turn director Bill Paxton follow up he promising debut , the gothic-horror `` Frailty '' , with this family friendly sport drama about the 1913 U.S. Open where a young american caddy rise from he humble background to play against he bristish idol in what be dub as `` the greatest game ever play . '' I be no fan of golf , and these scrappy underdog sport flick be a dime a dozen -lrb- most recently do to grand effect with `` Miracle '' and `` Cinderella Man '' -rrb- , but some how this film be enthral all the same . <br /> <br /> the film start with some creative opening credit -lrb- imagine a disneyfied version of the animated opening credit of HBO 's `` Carnivale '' and `` Rome '' -rrb- , but lumber along slowly for its first by-the-numbers hour . once the action move to the U.S. Open thing pick up very well . Paxton do a nice job and show a knack for effective directorial flourish -lrb- I love the rain-soaked montage of the action on day two of the open -rrb- that propel the plot further or add some unexpected psychological depth to the proceedings . there be some compelling character development when the british Harry Vardon be haunt by image of the aristocrat in black suit and top hat who destroy he family cottage as a child to make way for a golf course . he also do a good job of visually depict what go on in the player ' head under pressure . Golf , a painfully boring sport , be bring vividly alive here . credit should also be give the set designer and costume department for create a engaging period-piece atmosphere of London and Boston at the beginning of the twentieth century . <br /> <br /> you know how this be go to end not only because it be base on a true story but also because film in this genre follow the same template over and over , but Paxton put on a better than average show and perhaps indicate more talent behind the camera than he ever have in front of it . despite the formulaic nature , this be a nice and easy film to root for that deserve to find a audience .
as a recreational golfer with some knowledge of the sport 's history , I be please with Disney 's sensitivity to the issue of class in golf in the early twentieth century . the movie depict well the psychological battle that Harry Vardon fight within himself , from he childhood trauma of be evict to he own inability to break that glass ceiling that prevent he from be accept as a equal in English golf society . likewise , the young Ouimet go through he own class struggle , be a mere caddie in the eye of the upper crust american who scoff at he attempt to rise above he standing . <br /> <br /> what I love best , however , be how this theme of class be manifest in the character of Ouimet 's parent . he father be a working-class drone who see the value of hard work but be intimidate by the upper class ; he mother , however , recognize she son 's talent and desire and encourage he to pursue he dream of compete against those who think he be inferior . <br /> <br /> finally , the golf scene be well photograph . although the course use in the movie be not the actual site of the historical tournament , the little liberty take by Disney do not detract from the beauty of the film . there be one little Disney moment at the pool table ; otherwise , the viewer do not really think Disney . the end , as in `` Miracle , '' be not some Disney creation , but one that only human history could have write .
I see this film in a sneak preview , and it be delightful . the cinematography be unusually creative , the acting be good , and the story be fabulous . if this movie do not do well , it will not be because it do not deserve to . before this film , I do not realize how charming shia lebouf could be . he do a marvelous , self-contained , job as the lead . there be something incredibly sweet about he , and it make the movie even better . the other actor do a good job as well , and the film contain moment of really high suspense , more than one might expect from a movie about golf . Sports movie be a dime a dozen , but this one stand out . <br /> <br /> this be one I would recommend to anyone .
Bill Paxton have take the true story of the 1913 US golf open and make a film that be about much more than a extra-ordinary game of golf . the film also deal directly with the class tension of the early twentieth century and touch upon the profound anti-catholic prejudice of both the british and american establishment . but at heart the film be about that perennial favourite of triumph against the odds . <br /> <br /> the acting be exemplary throughout . Stephen Dillane be excellent as usual , but the revelation of the movie be shia laboeuf who deliver a disciplined , dignified and highly sympathetic performance as a work class franco-irish kid fight he way through the prejudice of the New England WASP establishment . for those who be only familiar with he slap-stick performance in `` even Stevens '' this demonstration of he maturity be a delightful surprise . and Josh Flitter as the ten year old caddy threaten to steal every scene in which he appear . <br /> <br /> a old fashion movie in the best sense of the word : fine acting , clear directing and a great story that grip to the end - the final scene a affectionate nod to Casablanca be just one of the many pleasure that fill a great movie .
I see this film on September 1st , 2005 in Indianapolis . I be one of the judge for the Heartland Film Festival that screen film for they truly move Picture award . a truly move Picture '' ... explore the human journey by artistically express hope and respect for the positive value of life . '' heartland give that award to this film . <br /> <br /> this be a story of golf in the early part of the 20th century . at that time , it be the game of upper class and rich `` gentleman '' , and work people could only participate by be caddie at country club . with this backdrop , this based-on-a-true-story unfold with a young , work class boy who take on the golf establishment and the greatest golfer in the world , Harry Vardon . <br /> <br /> and the story be inspirational . against all odds , Francis Ouimet -lrb- play by shia labeouf of `` Holes '' -rrb- get to compete against the greatest golfer of the U.S. and Great Britain at the 1913 U.S. Open . Francis be ill-prepared , and have a child for a caddy . -lrb- the caddy be hilarious and motivational and steal every scene he appear in . -rrb- but despite these handicap , Francis display courage , spirit , heroism , and humility at this world class event . <br /> <br /> and , we learn a lot about the early year of golf ; for example , the use of small wooden club , the layout of the short hole , the manual scoreboard , the golfer swing with pipe in they mouth , the terrible condition of the green and fairway , and the play not be cancel even in torrential rain . <br /> <br /> this film have stunning cinematography and art direction and editing . and with no big movie star , the story be somehow more believable . <br /> <br /> this add to the inventory of great sport movie in the vein of `` Miracle '' and `` remember the Titans . '' <br /> <br /> fyi - there be a truly move Pictures web site where there be a listing of past winner go back 70 year .
maybe I be read into this too much , but I wonder how much of a hand Hongsheng have in develop the film . I mean , when a story be tell cast the main character as himself , I would think he would be a heavy hand in write , document , etc. and that would make it a little bias . <br /> <br /> but ... he family and friend also may have have a hand in get the actual detail about Hongsheng 's life . I think the best view would have be tell from Hongsheng 's family and friend ' perspective . they see he transformation and be not so mess up on drug that they remember everything . <br /> <br /> as for Hongsheng be full of himself , the consistency of the Jesus Christ pose make he appear as a martyr who sacrifice he life -lrb- metaphorically , of course , he be obviously still alive as he be cast as himself -rrb- for he family 's happiness . Huh ? <br /> <br /> the viewer see he at he lowest point while still maintain a superiority complex . he lie on the grass come down from -lrb- during ? -rrb- a high by himself and with he father , he contemplate life and have vision of dragon at he window , he celebrate he freedom on a bicycle all while outstretch he arm , he head cock to the side . <br /> <br /> it be fabulous that he be off of drug now , but he be no hero . he go from a high point in he career in act to he most vulnerable point while on drug to come back somewhere in the middle . <br /> <br /> this same device be use in Ted Demme 's `` blow '' where the audience empathize with the main character who be show as a flawed hero . <br /> <br /> however , `` quit '' -lrb- `` zuotian '' -rrb- be a film that be recommend , mostly for its haunting soundtrack , superb acting , and landscape . but , the best part be the feeling that one get when what we presume to be the house of Jia Hongsheng be actually a stage set for a play . it make the viewer feel as if Hongsheng 's life be merely a play tell in many difficult part .
I feel this film do have many good quality . the cinematography be certainly different expose the stage aspect of the set and story . the original character as actor be certainly a achievement and I feel most play quite convincingly , of course they be play themselves , but definitely unique . the cultural aspect may leave many disappointed as a familiarity with the chinese and oriental culture will answer a lot of question regard parent/child relationship and the stigma that go with any drug use . I find the Jia Hongsheng story interesting . on a down note , the story be in Beijing and some of the fashion and music reek of early 90 even though this be make in 2001 , so it be really cheesy sometimes -lrb- the Beatles crap , etc -rrb- . whatever , not a top ten or twenty but if it be on the television , check it out .
this movie be amazing because the fact that the real people portray themselves and they real life experience and do such a good job it be like they be almost live the past over again . Jia Hongsheng play himself a actor who quit everything except music and drug struggle with depression and search for the meaning of life while be angry at everyone especially the people who care for he most . there be moment in the movie that will make you wan na cry because the family especially the father do such a good job . however , this movie be not for everyone . many people who suffer from depression will understand Hongsheng 's problem and why he do the thing he do for example keep himself shut in a dark room or go for walk or bike ride by himself . other might see the movie as boring because it be just so real that its almost like a documentary . overall this movie be great and Hongsheng deserve a Oscar for this movie so do he Dad .
`` quit '' may be as much about exit a pre-ordained identity as about drug withdrawal . as a rural guy come to Beijing , class and success must have strike this young artist face on as a appeal to separate from he root and far surpass he peasant parent ' act success . trouble arise , however , when the new man be too new , when it demand too big a departure from family , history , nature , and personal identity . the ensue split , and confusion between the imaginary and the real and the dissonance between the ordinary and the heroic be the stuff of a gut check on the one hand or a complete escape from self on the other . hongshen slip into the latter and he long and lonely road back to self can be grim . <br /> <br /> but what a exceptionally convincing particularity , honesty , and sensuousness director Zhang Yang , and he actor , bring to this journey . no clichés , no stereotype , no rigid gender role , no requisite sex , romance or violence scene , no requisite street language and , to boot , no assume money to float character act and whim . <br /> <br /> Hongshen Jia be in he mid-twenty . he be a talented actor , impressionable , vain , idealistic , and perhaps emotionally starve . the perfect recipe for he enabler . soon he be the `` cool '' actor , idolize by youth . `` he be hot in the early ninety . '' `` he always have to be the most fashionable . '' he need extreme , and go in for heavy metal , adopt earring and a scarf . he act mean the art , friend -- and role , but not the kind that offer any personal challenge or input . and he self-criticism , dull by the immediacy of success , open the door to a irrational self-doubt , self-hatred -- `` I do not know how to act '' `` I feel like a phony '' -- and to readily available drug to counter they . he say `` I have to get high to do what director want . '' so , he shallow identity as a actor become , via drug , a escape from identity . <br /> <br /> Hongshen 's disengagement from drug and he false life be very gradual , intermittent -- and doggedly he own . solitude , space , meditative thinking , speech refusal , replace therapy . the abstract be out . and a great deal of he change occur outdoors -- not in idealized location but mainly on green patch under the freeway , bridge , and high-rise of Beijing . the physicality be almost romantic , but be not . the bike ride to Ritan Park , the long spontaneous walk , the drenching sun and rain , grassy picnic , the sky pattern and kite that absorb he musing be very specific . he drift in order to arrive , all the while pick up cue to a more real and realistic identity . `` I start to open up '' he say of this period in retrospect . and the contact seem to start with he lanky body which project a kind of dancer 's positioning -lrb- clumsy , graceful , humorous , tell -rrb- in a current circumstance . if mind or spirit be lack , he leg can compel he to walk all night . <br /> <br /> Central to he comeback be the rejection of set role . to punctuate he end to act and he determination to a new identity , he smash he video and tv , and bang he head till bloody against he `` John Lennon Forever '' poster . he have let down he iconic anti-establishment artist -- but he be the only viable guide he know . he even imagine himself as John 's son -lrb- Yoko Ono -rrb- , and adopt he `` Mother Mary '' as a intercessor in he `` hour of darkness '' and `` time of trouble . '' -lrb- the wrenching , shake pain in the park -- hallucinatory and skitzoid ordeal -rrb- `` Music be so much more real than act '' he say . and speak of Lennon 's influence as `` show I a new way . '' in the mental institute , the life-saving apple -lrb- resistance , nourishment -rrb- reflect Lennon 's presence , as do Hongshen 's need to re-hang he hero 's poster in he redecorated room . <br /> <br /> if Lennon 's influence be spirit , Hongshen 's father 's influence be ground . although father and son be both actor and user -lrb- drug and drink -rrb- , it be Fegsen 's difference from he son that underwrite he change . for the father be more secure in himself : he accept that he be chinese , a peasant in a line of peasant , a rural theater director . and he exercise control over both he habit and he emotion . it be this recognizable identity that drive Hongshen to treat he like a sound board , sometimes with anger and rage , sometimes with humor -lrb- the blue jeans , beatle -rrb- and passivity . in he most crazed , and violent exchange with he father in which he accuse he of be a liar , and a fake , he expose more of himself than he father : `` all the act I act before be bullshit ... life be bullshit . '' and to Hongshen 's emphatic `` you be NOT my father , '' he softly reply , `` why can not a peasant be you father ? '' <br /> <br /> under these two teacher and with much additional help from he mother , sister , friend , inmate at the rehab inst. , he make some tangible connection to a real -lrb- not whole -rrb- self . as the long term drug effect recede , so do he old identity . indebtedness replace pride , trust distrust . integrity banish he black cloud . all he edge soften . `` you be just a human being '' he repeat endlessly after be release from the strap-down incur for refuse medicine . back home , lard peasant soap be fine with he now . and he once `` rare and true friendship '' begin again as be so evident in the back to poignant back-to-back fence scene with he musician buddy . Hongshen say of this movie : `` it be a good chance to think about my life . '' and I might add , become a New actor , one bind to art and life . like Lennon , he have gain success without a loss of identity .
I love this movie from begin to end.I be a musician and i let drug get in the way of my some of the thing i use to love -lrb- skateboarding , draw -rrb- but my friend be always there for me.Music be like my rehab , life support , and my drug.it change my life.i can totally relate to this movie and i wish there be more i could say.This movie leave I speechless to be honest.i just see it on the Ifc channel.I usually hate have satellite but this be a perk of have satellite.the ifc channel show some really great movie and without it I never would have find this movie.im not a big fan of the international film because i find that a lot of the do not do a very good job on translate lines.I mean the obvious language barrier leave you to just believe that what they be say but its not that big of a deal i guess.i almost never get to see this amazing movie.good thing i stay up for it instead of go to bed . . well earlier than usual.lol.i hope you all enjoy the hell of this movie and love this movie just as much as i did.i wish i could type this all in cap but its again the rule i guess that shout but it would really show my excitement for the film.I give it three thumb way up ! <br /> <br /> this movie blow ME away !
I be fortunate to attend the London premier of this film . while I be not at all a fan of british drama , I do find myself deeply move by the character and the bad choice they make . I be in tear by the end of the film . every scene be mesmerizing . the attention to detail and the excellent acting be quite impressive . <br /> <br /> I would have to agree with some of the other comment here which question why all these woman be throw themselves at such a despicable character . <br /> <br /> ******* SPOLIER ALERT ******** I be also hope that Dylan would have be kill by William when he have the chance ! **** end spoiler ***** <br /> <br /> Keira Knightley do a great job and radiate beauty and innocence from the screen , but it be Sienna Miller 's performance that be truly Oscar worthy . <br /> <br /> I be sure this production will be nominate for other award .
I first see this movie on IFC . which be a great network by the way to see underground film . I watch this movie and be think it be go to be pure drama and a story line that do not hold water . but it really be a worth while watch . the main character be in such rough shape , and you hate to see he deny help , but no matter what you just can not hate he . he devotion to the Beatles and John Lennon be a great metaphor for he life and the helplessness he feel . <br /> <br /> the atmosphere of the film be also great . at time , you feel like you can see what he see , feel what he feel in some situation . this movie do not leave you want to know more , or dislike a loophole in the plot . there be no loophole -lrb- in my opinion -rrb- . I have always be a fan of foreign film , especially now with movie be make so poorly in America . I really enjoy the foreign setting because I feel it can take you on a trip , and sometimes understand a different culture . this movie do all those thing to I and more . please watch this movie and if you be new to foreign film , this be a great start .
I must say , every time I see this movie , I be deeply touch , not only by the most painful four year of Hongsheng 's life , but also by how he family deal with he drug addiction . it be also true that get addict to anything , such as drug , alcohol , or pornography , can not only hurt you , but also hurt you most important people in the world : you family . since family be the # 1 priority in the asian culture , it take gut for the circle to gather together and show one person how much the family love him/her . this be actually the first chinese movie that I actually enjoy , not for the fun of it , but the element surround it -lrb- superb acting , touch story , great direction -rrb- make this movie worth watch . what stand out the most be that Hongsheng and he family act out the story themselves instead of have some b-movie actor try to imitate the real person . it show the genuineness of the movie .
my wife be a mental health therapist and we watch it from begin to end . I be the typical man and can not stand chick flick , but this movie be unbelievable . if you want to see what it be like for someone who be go through these type of struggle , this be the movie for you . as I watch it I find myself feel sorry for he and other like he . <br /> <br /> *** spoiler *** plus the fact that all the individual in the movie include the people in the mental institution be the actual people in real life make it that more real . <br /> <br /> a must see for someone in the mental health profession !
I see this film at the Rotterdam International Film Festival 2002 . this seem to be one of the less popular film on the festival , however , as it turn out , all the more interesting . <br /> <br /> the story , of a actor try to come to grip with himself and he environment after withdraw from a drug addiction , be base on actual fact . moreover , the character play in the film be the real people live this experience over again , this time for the film , which be partly set up as a stage play . not only do they all happen to be good actor , Jia Hongsheng 's parent be actor in real life as well , the method use in highlight they relationship towards Jia be very effective . <br /> <br /> Jia Hongsheng be the actor of some chinese action film late eighty start ninety . later you can see he in great film such as frozen and Suzhou River . in between these two career path Jia become a drug addict and loose all drive to act or even do anything productive , except for make somewhat futile attempt at become a guitar virtuoso . <br /> <br /> I like the way the writer of the scenario choose to emphasize on he behavior after withdrawal more than on the horror of drug . we really feel the pain and struggle jium be in . at the same time we hate he for the way he treat those around he . <br /> <br /> the film draw the viewer into a tiring pattern jium seem to be catch in , drag with he he parent and sister who try to take care of he . because there be personal ` interview ' with the character we feel like we be get to know Jia not only through himself but through other as well . <br /> <br /> the film have a heavy feel , but scene of Jia cycling through Bejing and party with he friend lighten the tone . so do the bitter humor in a lot of event throughout the film . the music be beautiful and stay with I for a while after . this be a film that might not easily appeal to many people but for those interested in the more serious and modern chinese film this be a strong recommendation .
`` night of the hunt '' star french porn star Brigitte Lahaie.In fact , many of the cast member in this slow-moving production be porn actor at the time of its frantic filming.this film be certainly different than Rollin 's usual lesbian vampire flick , but it be not as memorable as for example `` lip of blood '' or `` Fascination '' . Lahaie play a amnesiac hitchhiker who can not remember who she be or where she come from.most of the film take place in a modern apartment complex , where Lahaie be be hold by some kind of medical group that be treat a number of people with a similar condition.anyway , she escape from the monolithic office tower where the affected people be held.On a highway outside of town , she meet a young man , who stop and pick she up . `` night of the hunt '' offer plenty of nudity , unfortunately the pace be extremely slow.the atmosphere be horribly sad and the relationship between Brigitte Lahaie and another asylum inmate Dominique Journet be well-developed . still `` Night of the hunt '' be too dull to be completely enjoyable.give it a look only if you be a fan of Jean Rollin 's work .7 out of 10 and that be be kind .
even if you be a fan of Jean Rollin 's idiosyncratic body of work , you will be catch off guard by this exceptional foray into science fiction territory . for once , there be not a single diaphanously gown vampire girl in sight ! true to tradition , the budget prove way too tight to realize the director 's vision entirely . yet this be largely compensate by he obvious love of genre cinema , dedication to he craft and sheer ingenuity . Jean-Claude Couty 's atmospheric cinematography make the most of the foreboding location and Philippe Bréjean -lrb- a/k/a `` Gary Sandeur '' -rrb- contribute a startling soundtrack that fortunately do not resemble any of the sappy stuff he compose for hardcore . <br /> <br /> shot in and around a Paris office block before and after work hour , the film be largely cast with porn regular Rollin be already quite familiar with from he `` Michel Gentil '' cash-gathering xxx effort , most notably french f * ck film royalty Brigitte Lahaie in the demand lead . play Elisabeth -lrb- rather well , I might add -rrb- , she be pick up wander a nearby highway one night by Robert -lrb- Vincent Gardère -rrb- , drive home at the end of a long work day . barely able to piece together the string of event that get she there , Elisabeth seem to lose she memory mere moment after event occur , even forget Robert 's name and heroic savior role before they night flight come to a end at he apartment . prior to make love , she rightfully describe herself as a virgin -lrb- further credit to Brigitte 's thespian skill that she can handle the line so convincingly , be after all one of the more active adult actress of the '70 -rrb- because she can not recall a single touch precede he . because of this nifty bit of context , the relatively long sex scene that follow totally eschew the gratuity of other `` commercial '' interlude Rollin have have to include in other work to assure funding . <br /> <br /> when Robert leave for work , he be inevitably erase from Elisabeth 's feeble mind . a mysterious doctor -lrb- comedian Bernard Papineau effectively cast against type -rrb- and he menacing assistant Solange -lrb- striking porn starlet Rachel Mhas -rrb- move in on she during she protector 's absence and take she back to the place she turn out to have escape from . here we get one of the movie 's strongest scene as she be re-introduced to she roommate Catherine -lrb- the late Cathérine Greiner a/k/a hardcore performer `` Cathy Stewart '' in a quietly devastating turn -rrb- , both girl desperately supply fictitious share `` memory '' for one another in a bid to outrun they inevitable fate . that deterioration be not solely limit to the mind become painfully clear when they be serve lunch and Catherine 's unable to control she movement in try to eat a spoonful of soup . it be also Catherine who get to voice the filmmaker 's compromise with the demand of commerce as she urge Elisabeth to get naked and hold she because sex be all they have leave now that both mind and physical faculty have desert they . <br /> <br /> several rather explicit - if not quite hardcore - sex scene make up the movie 's mid-section and french porn aficionado should recognize the likes of Alain Plumey -lrb- a/k/a `` Cyril val '' -rrb- , Jacques Gateau and Elodie Delage , along with a blink and miss bit from future porno princess Marilyn Jess whose rape at the hand , mouth and member of Plumey be only present in the film 's rarely screen XXX version FILLES TRAQUEES . the pivotal part of Véronique , a girl Elisabeth almost seem to remember and whom she seek to escape anew with , be beautifully handle by the exquisite Dominique Journet - in she unforgettable debut - who would go on to play a sizable support role in Franco Zeffirelli 's LA TRAVIATA . the six foot under end reveal the deteriorate condition to be the result of a nuclear spill , the quarantine `` patient '' ultimately leave a barely breathing empty shell , unceremoniously dispose off in a fiery furnace . the final shot offer a particularly heartbreaking variation on that of Chaplin 's modern time as Elisabeth , approach complete meltdown by now , and a wound Robert stumble along the railroad bridge , clumsily clasp each other 's outstretch hand .
I be surprised how much I enjoy this . sure it be a bit slow move in part , but what else would one expect from Rollin ? also there be plenty of nudity , nothing wrong with that , particularly as it include lot of the gorgeous , Brigitte Lahaie . there be also some spectacularly eroticised female dead , bit more dodgey , perhaps , but most effective . there be also a sci-fus like storyline with a brief explanation at the end , but I would not bother too much with that . no , here we have a most interesting exploration of memory and the effect of memory loss and to just what extent one be still ` alive ' without memory . my dvd sleeve mention David Cronenberg and whilst this be perhaps not quite as good as he best film , there be some similarity here , particularly with the great use of seemingly menacing architecture and the effective and creepy use of inside space . as I have try to indicate this be by no mean a rip roar thriller , it be a captivating , nightmare like movie that make the very most of its location , include a stunning railway setting at the end .
I go into `` Night of the hunt '' not know what to expect at all . I be really impressed . <br /> <br /> it be essentially a mystery/thriller where this girl who can not remember anything get ` rescue ' by a guy who happen to be drive past . the two become fast friend and lover and together , they try to figure out what be go on with she . through some vague flashback and grim memory , they eventually get to the bottom of it and the end be pretty cool . <br /> <br /> I really like the setting of this one : a desolate , post-modern Paris be the backdrop with lot of gray sky and tall building . very metropolitan . groovy soundtrack and lot of nudity . <br /> <br /> surprise it be make in 1980 ; seem somewhat ahead of it be time . <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10 , kid .
I have certainly not see all of Jean Rollin 's film , but they mostly seem to be bloody vampire naked woman fest , which if you like that sort of thing be not bad , but this be a major departure and could almost be Cronenberg minus the bio-mechanical nightmarish stuff . except it be in french with subtitle of course . a man drive on the road at night come across a woman that be in she slipper and bathrobe and pick she up , while in the background yet another woman linger , wear nothing . as they drive along it be obvious that there be something not right about the woman , in that she forget thing almost as quickly as they happen . still though , that do not prevent the man from have sex with she once they return to Paris & he apartment . the man leave for work and some stranger show up at he place and take the woman away to this ` tower block ' , a huge apartment building refer to as the black tower , where other of she kind -lrb- for whom the ` no memory ' thing seem to be the least of they problem -rrb- be be hold for some reason . Time and event march by in the movie , which involve mostly try to find what be go on and get out of the building for this woman , and she do manage to call Robert , the guy that pick she up in the first place , to come rescue she . the revelation as to what be go on come in the last few moment of the movie , which have a rather strange yet touching end to it . in avoid what seem to be he `` typical '' formulum , Rollin create , in this , what I feel be he most fascinating and disturbing film . I like this one a lot , check it out . 8 out of 10 .
since this cartoon be make in the old day , Felix talk use cartoon bubble and the animation style be very crude when compare to today . however , compare to its contemporary , it be a pretty good cartoon and still hold up well . that be because despite its age , the cartoon be very creative and funny . <br /> <br /> Felix meet a guy whose shoe business be folding because he can not sell any shoe . well , Felix need money so he can go to Hollywood , so he tell the guy at the shop he 'll get every shoe sell . Felix spread chew gum all over town and soon people be stick and leave they shoe -- rush to buy new one from the shoe store . in gratitude , the guy give Felix $ 500 ! however , Felix 's owner want to take the money and go alone , so Felix figure out a way to sneak along . <br /> <br /> once there , Felix barge into a studio and make a bit of a nuisance of himself . along the way , he meet cartoon version of comic Ben Turpin and Charlie Chaplin . in the end , though , through luck , Felix be discover and offer a movie contract . Hurray !
despite the title and unlike some other story about love and war , this film be not too sticky and pink , because love be as a rose : with thorn , that be . the four lead actor set they character realistic and with a good sense and balance between the tragic and the down-to-earth . <br /> <br /> the music and lyric of the cabaret/chanson-esquire song -lrb- sing b Keira Knightley herself -rrb- drag the viewer deeper and deeper in the film , from one place to another , between the brutal war and amongst the peaceful love . some people may find it too much a biopic , but it ís mostly a romantic story , even though it consequently follow the life of Dylan Thomas and the triangular relationship which be steep by joy and jealousy . <br /> <br /> London get visualize from another angle for once , the bohemian life of Dylan during the bombing of the Germans be set in a float atmosphere of small bedroom , pub and bar . the independent woman , the soldier and the charismatic poet be constantly sweep in both feeling of love and anger . <br /> <br /> maybe the end be too twisted and hang somewhat loosely to the rest of the film , but all in all this be a great romantic story .
Felix in Hollywood be a great film . the version I view be very well restore , which be sometimes a problem with these silent era animated film . it have some of Hollywood 's most famous star make cameo animated appearance . a must for any silent film or animation enthusiast .
a gem of a cartoon from the silent era -- it be re-discover by CARTOON NETWORK , and be broadcast for likely the first time in decade , if ever . <br /> <br /> what make this so enjoyable be the varied cameo ... Douglas Fairbanks be attack by giant mosquito ; will Hays pay a visit as ` boss ' of static Studios ; as well as appearance by Chaplin , Keaton , and William S. Hart . the image of chew gum decimate the shoe of the populace -lrb- a money-making idea for Felix 's near-bankrupt shoe - = salesman boss -rrb- can not be describe -- it must be view . a terrific cultural gem .
this short be one of the best of all time and be proof -lrb- just like most of Charlie Chaplin 's work -rrb- that sound and color be not requirement for quality work . in fact , this cartoon use -lrb- and may have start -rrb- some of the gag and device that become standard in animation in later year , like caricature of celebrity -lrb- include the afore-mentioned Chaplin . while the character be silent , they do `` speak '' , by use of word balloon , just like in the comic . give that Felix start out in newspaper as a comic strip , this device be a natural . the atmosphere and style of the short be completely harmonious with that of the comic strip while add another dimension -lrb- literally and figuratively -rrb- and make this short a delight to watch . well worth take the time and effort to get . most highly recommend .
Felix be watch a actor rehearse he line : `` a ham , a ham ! my kingdom for a ham sandwich !!! '' the dramatic guy that tell Felix he 'll `` have to sacrifice my art and go into the movie . '' he be in tear . Felix just look at he like he be nut , and shrug he shoulder . the old guy tell Felix to `` go ye forth '' and find money to finance a trip to Hollywood . Felix think , `` how do he expect I to get the money ? '' <br /> <br /> in minute , of course -lrb- this be a cartoon -rrb- , he spot a shoe business owner put up a `` bankrupt '' sale on he store . Felix come up with a plan to bail he out and the man promise the cat $ 500 if it work . <br /> <br /> Well , it do but the man want to go alone and leave Felix at home . in a outrageous scene , Felix transform himself into a briefcase and that be how he get to Hollywood , transform himself back to cat when they get there . <br /> <br /> we then witness Felix 's attempt at get into show business . he audition scene be very funny , especially with he imitation of Charlie Chaplin . in addition there be caricature of some famous silent film star and executive . in all , quite a bit of material be in this 9.5 - minute cartoon . it be amazing how much more you can get in a extra 2.5 minute , assume most animated shorts be seven minute in length . <br /> <br /> at any rate , there be a number of laugh in here and more zany thing you could only see in a cartoon , like Felix have a sword duel with giant mosquito ! Crazy stuff .
while I can not say whether or not Larry Hama ever see any of the old cartoon , I would think that write say cartoon , file card , and some of the comic would count for something . <br /> <br /> for fan of the old cartoon , this be pretty much a continuation of the same , except with a few new character - and a more insane Cobra Commander . <br /> <br /> we still have all the old favorite too , but on a personal note , one thing that always irritated I be this `` Duke in charge '' stuff , when there be ton of other * officer * around instead . <br /> <br /> the battle sequence be similar to the old series as well ; the main trick here seem to be the CGI . it be overall pretty good , if not a little over-the-top .
Errol Flynn 's roguish charm really shine through in this entertaining and exciting , but historically bankrupt biopic of the famous -lrb- and some would say infamous -rrb- General Custer , that follow he career from he first day at West Point , through the civil war and out west to the battle at the little big Horn , all the while but head with rival Arthur Kennedy and romance pretty Olivia de Havilland . <br /> <br /> some might say that Flynn , who deliver a great , flamboyant performance as the general , be basically play himself play Custer ! <br /> <br /> a lavish production -lrb- that should have be in Technicolor -rrb- well direct by Raoul Walsh , they die with they Boots on feature some truly well-staged battle sequence . also , it be a real treat to see Anthony Quinn play Crazy Horse . <br /> <br /> the previous year , Flynn play Jeb Stuart opposite Ronald Reagan 's George Custer in Santa Fe trail -lrb- also with de havilland -rrb- , another action-packed Warner Brothers production design to make you fail history class !
Warner Brothers tamper considerably with american history in `` big trail '' director Raoul Walsh 's first-rate western `` they die with they Boots On , '' a somewhat inaccurate but wholly exhilarating biography of cavalry officer George Armstrong Custer . the film chronicle Custer from the moment that he arrive at West Point Academy until the Indians massacre he at the Little Big Horn . this be one of Errol Flynn 's signature role and one of Raoul Walsh 's greatest epic . Walsh and Flynn team in quite often afterward , and `` they die with they Boots On '' reunite Olivia de Havilland as Flynn 's romantic interest for the last time . they appear as a couple in seven previous film . this 140-minute , black & white oater be nothing short of brilliant with dynamic action sequence , humorous romantic scene , and stern dramatic confrontation between we hero and he adversary . one of the notorious error involve Colonel Philip Sheridan who be show as the commandant at West Point before the civil war . indeed , Sheridan be a lieutenant at this point . in fact , the commandant be Robert E. Lee as the earlier Flynn film `` Santa Fe trail '' show . another historical lapse concern Lieutenant General Whitfield Scott ; Scott be not the commander of Union troops throughout the civil war . Warner Brothers present Custer as a drinker -lrb- probably because Flynn have a reputation for drinking -rrb- , but in real life custer neither drink nor smoke . nevertheless , these as well as other historical goof do not detract from a truly splendid film . <br /> <br /> `` they die with they Boots On '' open with Custer ride into West Point Military Academy array in a fancy dress uniform with a african-american carry he luggage and tend he dog . after the sergeant of the guard realize that he have turn out a honor guard for a future plebe instead of a high-ranking foreign general , the sergeant turn Custer over to a ranking cadet Ned Sharp -lrb- Arthur Kennedy of `` City for Conquest '' -rrb- to take charge of he . sharp play a practical job on Custer by install he in the quarter of major Romulus Taipe -lrb- Stanley ridge of `` Task Force '' -rrb- who promptly run Custer out . naturally , the volatile Custer attack sharp in a public brawl . General Phil Sheridan -lrb- John Litel of `` the Sons of Katie Elder '' -rrb- be prepare to dismiss Custer from West Point for conduct unbecoming . as it turn out , Sheridan can not expel Custer because Custer have not enrol . once he enroll , Custer establish a mediocre academic reputation with alacrity to fight and accumulate demerit galore . when the American Civil War erupt , West Point graduate cadet who have not complete they education and rush they into combat . one of the last cadet hustle off to war be Custer . avid as he be to get into the fight , Custer encounter he future wife , Elizabeth ` Libby ' Bacon -lrb- Olivia de Havilland of `` Santa Fe trail '' -rrb- , and they pledge themselves to each other , despite Mr. Bacon -lrb- Gene Lockhart of `` Carousel '' -rrb- who detest the sight of Custer . it seem that Bacon run across Custer at a saloon and insult one of Custer 's friend and we hero reprimand Bacon . <br /> <br /> meanwhile , back in Washington , Custer desperately seek a transfer to a regiment , but major taipe have he cool he heel . Custer befriend rotund Lieutenant General Winfield Scott -lrb- Sidney Greenstreet of `` the maltese falcon '' -rrb- and they share a appetite for cream Bermuda onion that become one of Custer 's characteristic . not only do Scott see to it that Taipe assign Custer to the second Cavalry , but also Custer appropriate Taipe 's horse to get to he command . during the battle of Bull Run , 21 July 1861 , Custer disobey order from none other than sharp , strike he superior officer and hold a bridge so the infantry can cross it . wound in the shoulder and send to the hospital , Custer receive a medal rather than a court-martial . when confederate General Jeb Stuart threaten the Union Army at the battle of Gettysburg , in Pennsylvania , Scott be shock by the chance that the South may triumph . when a brigadier general can not be find , Scott goad Taipe into promote the first available officer . a mistake be make and Custer be promote . incredulous at first , Custer embrace the moment and crack Stuart 's advance . after the war , Custer idle down and start booze it up with the boy at the local saloon . sharp show up as a crooked railroad promoter and with he father they try to enlist Custer to serve as the president of they railway so that they can obtain fund . eventually , Libby intercede on he behalf with General Sheridan , who be in command of the army , and get he back on active duty as the commander of the 7th Cavalry . when he take command , Custer find the 7th cavalry a drunken lot and be not surprise that sharp command the liquor at the fort . meanwhile , Custer have he first run in with Crazy Horse -lrb- Anthony Quinn of `` the gun of Navarone '' -rrb- and take he into custody . of course , Crazy Horse escape , become Custer 's adversary , and they fight . <br /> <br /> once Custer have quell Crazy Horse and the Indians , Sharp with Taipe as a government agent conspire to destroy a peace treaty with the Sioux and other indian nation . they also see to it that Custer be bring up on charge for striking taipe in a saloon brawl . on he way to Washington , Custer discover the perfidy of sharp and Taipe who have drum up a gold strike in the sacred Black Hills . Settlers rampage in and the Indians hit the warpath . Custer sacrifice himself and he 600 man at the Little Big Horn in a slam-bang showdown against 6000 redskin . `` Stagecoach '' lenser Bert Glennon capture both the grit and the glory . the long shot of the 7th Cavalry leave the fort at dawn be spectacular . as a add premonition of Custer 's imminent demise , Libby faint after he leave they quarter for the Little Big Horn . `` they die with they Boots On '' benefit from a top-notch max Steiner score that incorporate the regimental tune `` Gary Owen . ''
if you keep rigid historical perspective out of it , this film be actually quite entertaining . it be get action , adventure and romance , and one of the premiere casting match-up of the era with Errol Flynn and Olivia de Havilland in the lead role . as evident on this board , the picture do not pass muster with purist who look for one hundred percent accuracy in they story tell . to get beyond that , one need only put aside the history book , and enjoy the story as if it be a work of fiction . I know , I know , that be hard to do when you consider Custer 's last stand at the Little Big Horn and it be prominence in the history of post civil War America . so I guess there be a unresolved quandary with the picture , no matter how you look at it . <br /> <br /> there be a lot to take in here though for the picture 's two hour plus run time . Custer 's arrival at West Point be probably the first head scratcher , ride up as he do in full military regalia . the practical joke by sharp -lrb- Arthur Kennedy -rrb- put he up in the Major 's headquarters probably should have get they both in trouble . <br /> <br /> ironically , a lot of scene in this military film play for comedy , as in Custer 's first meeting with Libby Bacon , and subsequent encounter that include tea reader Callie -lrb- Hattie McDaniel -rrb- . I have not notice it before in other film , but McDaniel remind I a awful lot of another favorite character actor of mine from the Forties , Mantan Moreland . so much so that in one scene it look like it might have be Moreland ham it up in a dress . with that in mind , the owl scene be a hoot too . <br /> <br /> as for Flynn , it be interesting to note that a year earlier , he portray J.E.B. Stuart opposite Ronald Reagan 's depiction of General Custer in `` Santa Fe trail '' , both vie for the attention of none other than Olivia de Havilland . in that film , Reagan put none of the arrogance and flamboyance into the character of Custer that history remember , while in Flynn 's portrayal here it be more than evident . but it do not come close to that of Richard Mulligan 's take on the military hero in 1970 's `` Little Big Man '' . let 's just say that one be a bit over the top . <br /> <br /> the better take away the picture have for I be the manner in which Custer persevere to maintain he good name and not gamble it away on a risky business venture . that and he loyalty to the man he lead in battle along with the discipline he develop over the course of the story . most poignant be that final confrontation with arch rival sharp just before ride into the Little Big Horn , in which he declare that hell or glory be entirely dependent on one 's point of view . earlier , a similar remark might have give we the best insight of all into Custer 's character , when he state - `` you take glory with you when it be you time to go '' .
after work on 7 movie with director Mickael Curtiz -lrb- the adventure of Robin Hood be they best achievement -rrb- , Errol Flynn get tire of he dictatorial direction and decide to work with the great Raoul Walsh . this reunion be a happy thing for cinematography . the die with THEIR BOOTS ON be they first and best film together . Raoul Walsh portray the General George Armstrong Custer -lrb- Errol Flynn -rrb- from he debut at West Point , to the civil war and finally at the battle of little big Horn . it be true the film show a too heroic portrait of Custer , but that be not important . what be important , be the fact that we be transport with the passion and glory carry by the character . who can forget California Joe , the great `` Queen 's Own Buttler '' with he song `` Garryowen '' , the touching Mrs Custer -lrb- Olivia de Havilland -rrb- , the diabolic sharp well play by Arthur Kennedy ? <br /> <br /> a eternal blow remain on this epic and tragic freso .
I first view `` they die with there Boots On '' , about 1970 and though it have be many year since , this film and its impression remain.the cast be good to excellent and the lead man be truly heroic.when I first see this film I know the wisest as well as the only real position to have be to enjoy this film as a rousing bit of entertainment and then some.i feel then as I even feel now that the silver screen do not as such provide for a true depiction of much of anything let alone the life of George Armstrong Custer , however the Director Raoul Walsh be to contribute to the real value represent in this film when I watch a semi-documentary with other great director like Vincent Mennelli wherein these central figure talk about there accomplishment with valuable comment provide a glimpse into the Hollywood mind set.this be what I consider something of interest and where all of this become terribly interesting and very enjoyable.yet , there have be so much make of all the problem with the silver screen and its story tell ability that some of the enjoyment have be lose and perhaps you would find that to be true here as well.custer rank 34 in a graduate class of ... 34 . much have be make of Custer 's final class ranking , but of the 68 cadet who enter the Military Academy with he in 1857 , half of they have already flunk out or quit by graduation day , June 24,1861 . it be suggest in the movie as the various instructor be determine if a soldier be fit for command and then they come upon the name of George Armstrong Custer and there be to be certain a exchange between the two side and here be where the Sargeant on Duty say in almost a low tone even to suggest as if that come out by accident `` he squadron would follow he to hell , `` you at attention Sargeant , reprimand Tape.If Iam not mistaken when Flynn show up at a initial battlefield it acknowledge that Custer do not see action right away and indeed he be do work as a reliable attaché to not only Sheridan , but Hancocks force as well only to end up for a time with the Army of the Potomac under General George McClellan.There be some truth to the audacity attribute to Custers battlefield heroics as be illustrate when in a counterattack , `` young Custer spur he horse to the lead and boldly plunge in among the stunned confederates.as a lone Union Soldier surround by rebel , custer audacity shine through.he accept the surrender of several enemy soldier , include a rebel captain.yet most outstanding be that in this action he personally capture the very first confederate battle flag take by the Army of the Potomac.This notable act of courage mark he as a officer of great battlefield promise . `` Robert L.Bateman-Armchair General.There be a problem here and that be the tell of the story and the truth as to George Armstrong Custer , the story be good Hollywood entertainment perhaps even great entertainment but for whatever reason all that could be tell be change for entertainment purposes.though this maybe jump the gun it might be well to know that Tom Custer be to lose he life at the `` little big Horn '' only a few foot from where George Custer be to die as well.they be brother and Tom Custer to this very day hold a honorable distinction of be amongst a very small group perhaps only 3 other to have be award the medal of honor twice in he military career.the list of engagement that the motion picture show indicate that custer indeed be a active young officer.he be not with Union force at either Chancellorsville or for that matter Fredericksburg however he be with they at the battle of Antietam and at that point in time he be actually promote to Captain by General McClellan but that be not to last as McClellan be soon to be replace due to the historical fact that the Army of the Potomac have the means , and the information -lrb- discover wrap around some cigar be General Lee 's plan to split he force -rrb- and yet he fail to act for some 17 hours.it can be speculate that the war could of be over then and there have that occur but when McClellan fail to act President Lincoln replace he permanently and the promotion be lose as a result . custer greatest victory may of in fact come at Gettysburg , Pa.His force which occupy a area call cemetery ridge at the field at Gettysburg in the summer of 1863 be able to defeat a Jeb Stuart Led Cavalry of some 6,000 rebel with but a force of 2,300 . I think the heroics at Gettysburg by Custer be worth some discussion.there be speculation have in the movie that custer appointment be a blunder , well you better guess again because not only do Custer have man in he corner but he establish a petition to present to the governor of the state of Michigan which by the way be relatively new to the Union Cause and where prepare to form Cavalry regiments.Though Custer be severely admonish for that kind of shenanigan when he show up in all that Gold Braid it be not by accident as you would be lead to believe.the truth be tell custer defense at Gettysburg prohibit Jeb Stuart from have lunch at the union rear store and vitally protect that flank.this action by the way occur and it be time to coincide with Picketts Charge so to make for the greatest likelihood of success.it be a critical victory and Custer be at he bravest and best.his man do follow he to hell and live to tell about it .
I be fortunate to attend the London premier of this film . while I be not at all a fan of british drama , I do find myself deeply move by the character and the bad choice they make . I be in tear by the end of the film . every scene be mesmerizing . the attention to detail and the excellent acting be quite impressive . <br /> <br /> I would have to agree with some of the other comment here which question why all these woman be throw themselves at such a despicable character . <br /> <br /> ******* SPOLIER ALERT ******** I be also hope that Dylan would have be kill by William when he have the chance ! **** end spoiler ***** <br /> <br /> Keira Knightley do a great job and radiate beauty and innocence from the screen , but it be Sienna Miller 's performance that be truly Oscar worthy . <br /> <br /> I be sure this production will be nominate for other award .
I blame `` birth of a nation '' myself - for commence the long-running tradition of Hollywood travesty of history , of which there can be few greater example than this . apart from get the name of Custer and he 7th Cavalry , Crazy Horse and the Sioux and President Grant spell right , the geography correct and the fact that Custer and he man be indeed wipe out to a man , the rest just take hyperbole and invention to ludicrous limit . throw in some downright hackneyed scene of the purest exposition , -lrb- try Custer and he wife 's learning of the phony `` Gold Rush '' to excuse the invasion of the Sioux territory , Custer 's testimony in front of Congress plead the rights of the Red Indians and to top it all , Custer 's storm into the president 's office to beg to return to he post -rrb- , honestly there be plenty more of the same , some of these scene almost comical in they corniness ... ... and yet , and yet , it be still a great actioner with Flynn as dashing as ever , DeHavilland as beguiling as ever , the young Anthony Quinn get a start as Crazy Horse and director Walsh as barnstorming as ever in he depiction of crowd scene and of course the tumultuous action sequence . Ford teach we in `` Liberty Valance '' to believe the legend before the truth . here I think we be closer to the legend of the legend but hey , it be only a movie and a rollicking , wonderfully enjoyable classic Hollywood movie at that !
be Warner Brothers ' second historical drama feature civil war and battle of the Little Big Horn , General George Armstrong Custer , THEY die with THEIR BOOTS ON -lrb- Warner Brothers , 1941 -rrb- be the far more accurate of the two ; especially when contrast with SANTA FE trail -lrb- Warner Brothers , 1940 -rrb- , which really do not set the bar very high . <br /> <br /> although both picture be star vehicle for Errol Flynn , there be a change in the cast the part of General Custer . whereas it be `` dutch '' , himself , Ronald Reagan portray the flamboyant , egomaniacal cavalryman in the earlier picture , with Mr. Flynn play Virginian and later confederate Hero General , J.E.B. -lrb- or Jeb -rrb- Stuart ; Errol take on the Custer part for THEY die with THEIR BOOTS ON . <br /> <br /> once again , the Warner Brothers ' propensity for use a large number of reliable character actor from the `` Warner 's Repertory Company '' be employ in give the film a sort of authenticity , and all be really happen right before we very own eye . major role be take by some better know actor and actress , such as : Elizabeth Bacon/Mrs . Custer -lrb- co-star Olivia de Havilland -rrb- , Ned Sharpe -lrb- Arthur Kennedy -rrb- , Samuel Bacon -lrb- Gene Lockhart -rrb- , Chief Crazy Horse -lrb- Anthony Quinn -rrb- , `` californy '' -lrb- Charlie Grapwin -rrb- , major taipe -lrb- Stanley Ridges -rrb- , General Phillip Sheridan -lrb- John Litel -rrb- , callie -lrb- the Bacon 's maid , Hattie McDaniel -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the rest of the cast be just chock full of uncredited , though skilled player such as : Joe Sawyer , Eleanor Parker , Minor Watson , Tod Andrews , Irving Bacon , Roy Barcroft , Lane Chandler , Spencer Charters , Frank Ferguson , Francis Ford , William Forrest , George Eldridge , Russell Hicks , William Hopper , Hoppity Hooper , Eddie Keane , Fred Kelsey , Sam McDaniel , Patrick McVey , Frank Orth , Eddie Parker , Addison Richards , Ray Teal , Jim Thorpe -lrb- All-American , himself -rrb- , Minerva Urecal , Dick Wessel , Gig Young and many , many more . <br /> <br /> the film move very quickly , particularly in the early going ; then sort of slow down out of necessity as the story move along to the Post Civil War year , the assignment of Custer as a Colonel in the 7th Cavalry and the ultimate destiny at the Little Big Horn , in Montana . under the guidance of Director , Griffith Veteran , Raoul Walsh , the film hit a greatly varied array of emotion ; from the very serious , exciting battle scene and convincing historical scene ; look as if they be Matthew Brady Civil War Photos . as with most any of Mr. Walsh 's film , he punctuate and expedite the end of many a scene with a little humor ; but not go overboard and thus risk the chance of turn the film into a comedy -lrb- farce , actually -rrb- . <br /> <br /> as previously mention , this be much more factual than its predecessor , SANTA FE trail -lrb- last time we 'll mention it , honest Schultz , Scout 's honor ! -rrb- . however , that be not to say that it be not without a few little bit of `` artistic and Literary License ; as indeed , just about any Biopic will have . it would be impossible to make any similar type of film if indeed every fact and incident be to be try to be include in the screenplay . perhaps the most erroneous inclusion as well as the most obvious invocation of Literary License be that business about Custer 's be accidentally promote to the rank of Brigadier General . it just do not happen that way , yet the `` gag '' both help the film to move along ; while it underscore the whole light , carefree feeling that permeate the early part of the film . <br /> <br /> DIRECTOR Walsh and Mr. Flynn collaborate in give we what would seem to be a characterization of this legendary civil war hero that be very close to the real life man . and they do this on top of the recreation of a incident , be the massacre by the Lakota Sioux , the Cheyenne and the Fukowi of Custer and he 7th Cavalry at the Little Big Horn . at the time of its occurrence , June 25 , 1876 , `` Custer 's last stand '' be as big a incident and shock to the Americans ' National Psyche as be the japanese attack on Pearl Harbor -lrb- December 7 , 1941 -rrb- or the atrocity perpetrate by the islamic fascist to New York 's Twin Trade Towers and the United States ' Armed Forces ' headquarters in the Pentagon , Arlington , Virginia on September 11 , 2002 . <br /> <br /> just as so many film of that period of world war ii -lrb- and the year immediately before -rrb- , there be so many incident in it that be , if not intentionally do , be demonstration of virtue that would be need in time of another global conflict , such as we be in by the time of THEY die with THEIR BOOTS ON be finish up its original theatrical release period . <br /> <br /> poodle schnitz !!
when one stop to recollect upon the frequent on screen team of Errol Flynn and Olivia DeHavilland , `` they die with they Boots On '' -lrb- 1941 -rrb- be most likely the film remember best . it be the sweeping saga of General Custer -lrb- Flynn -rrb- - tell from the time he enter West Point military academy and fall for the luscious Elizabeth Bacon -lrb- DeHavilland -rrb- , through he tenure during the American Civil War , and finally with he death at Little Big Horn . Director , Raoul Walsh mount he historical epic on the laurel of highly questionable recanting of historical text , rewrite by screen writer Wally Kline and Aeneas MacKenzie , until truth and fiction be warped all out of proportion . hence , the battle against Chief Crazy Horse -lrb- Anthony Quinn -rrb- be portray as a crooked deal between politician - California Joe -lrb- Charley Grapewin -rrb- and a spuriously absent corporation which want to reclaim the land Custer give to the Indians through the systematic genocide of the Nation 's first people . <br /> <br /> Flynn , who cleverly play Custer as though he be one part Arnold Schwartzenegger to two part Albert Schweitzer , have never be more ignoble . he literally ooze charm and sex appeal from every pore that easily melt the heart of he loyal heroine . resident Warner stock player , Arthur Kennedy and Sidney Greenstreet deliver marvelous cameo that appear to have far more depth and character than be actually write into the material for they . <br /> <br /> overall , then , despite its loose rendering of history in favor of a good romantic yarn , `` they die with they Boots On '' be ample film fodder for a Saturday matinée or Sunday night coo with one 's sweetheart . Warner 's dvd be pretty nice look . although film grain be often obvious , the gray scale have be very nicely render with deep , solid black and very clean whites . some fading be obvious during scene transition . the audio have be very nicely clean up and be present at a adequate listen level .
the historical inaccuracy of this film have be well document . it be never intend to be serious history but a entertaining saga and there it succeed . Errol Flynn be never better as this role be tailor for he . Olivia DeHavilland be never more beautiful . Arthur Kennedy never more villainous . Anthony Quinn never more noble than as Crazy Horse . it have much humor and pathos and hold you interest throughout . the one historical aspect I find most glaringly inaccurate be the final `` last stand '' which occur on the bank of the Little Big Horn . the film version be film in a desert with no river in sight . however , I still consider it marvelous entertainment typical of Hollywood 's golden age .
it be true that `` they die with they Boots On '' give a highly fictionalized account of George Armstrong Custer 's -lrb- Errol Flynn -rrb- life and career , but a remarkable one , especially with regard to the battle of the Little Big Horn . because it be not a give that a 1941 movie try to portray both the us-american cavalryman and native american leader Chief Crazy Horse -lrb- Anthony Quinn -rrb- in a favorable light . I be almost tempt to say that `` little big man '' in its unqualified anti-custer stance seem unbalanced by comparison . further , one should not be mislead by the title of the picture -- this be not just a movie about the battle of the Little Big Horn , it be a movie about that show the unreliable West Point cadet , the famed civil war hero , the indian fighter , and , last but not least , the husband . <br /> <br /> the movie begin with Custer 's time at the West Point military academy , where he recalcitrance and insubordinate behavior lead to frequent demerit . during a punitive military exercise , he meet he future wife , Elizabeth Bacon -lrb- Olivia de Havilland -rrb- , who , like Custer himself , be a native of Monroe , Michigan . Custer intend to court she , but the outbreak of the Civil War call he away . Custer 's legendary bravery be show in a sequence of battle scene , the greatest of which be devote to he engagement with legendary Southern cavalry general Jeb Stuart during the battle of Gettysburg . while on leave , he travel to Monroe and court Elizabeth , who promise he she hand in matrimony . immediately after the war , Custer and Elizabeth Bacon be marry . <br /> <br /> with the civil war over , Custer be demote , do not get a real command , and have to go through the painstakingly slow process of promotion in the small , professional american army . as he start to drink , he wife intervene in he behalf with former general-in-chief Winfield Scott . Custer be give the command of the US 7th Cavalry , which he train to be a elite unit . neither Custer nor Crazy Horse be desirous of battle , but greedy businessman and corrupt politician decide to build a railroad through indian land in clear violation to earlier treaty . Custer explicitly acknowledge the justice of Crazy Horse 's cause , but ride into battle to do he duty as a soldier , expose the conspiracy of the moneyed interest in a letter he write on the eve of battle . <br /> <br /> `` they die with they Boots On , '' though short on historical accuracy , be as good as war movie and western in the 1940s get : both Custer and Crazy Horse be play by major actor , neither the Indians nor the Southern Confederacy be denigrate , and the courtship scene with beautiful Livvy de Havilland be just charming . the only minus , and that be why I can not give this picture a full 10 , be the undercurrent of racism in the portrayal of african american servant ; Elizabeth 's servant callie be the stereotypical , overweight , good-natured , superstitious black mammy . <br /> <br /> it be also interesting that the movie do not find fault with either Custer or Crazy Horse , but with the greed of the railroad company pressure Washington politician with semi-criminal method into break assurance they have give to the native Americans . just a couple of year later , the insinuation that American entrepreneur could even think of do anything remotely questionable would probably have be take as a hint that the film maker be communist sympathizer . <br /> <br /> needless to say that `` they die with they Boots On '' omit the fact that Custer 's overly aggressive tactic often border on the foolhardy , greatly overstate the importance of he engagement with Stuart , and do not mention the lack of reconnaissance prior to the battle of the Little Big Horn . nevertheless , Custer be see as a war hero by he contemporary and have some spectacular exploit to point to in the battle of Brandy Station , Gettysburg , Trevilian Station and other , though he feat of arm be not as decisive for the civil war as `` they die with they Boots On '' suggest . <br /> <br /> in any event , `` they die with they Boots On '' be a well-made war movie with western element , three outstanding performer -lrb- Flynn , Quinn , and de Havilland -rrb- , and offer a positive view of native Americans as well as a negative one on big money , which would not be see in major Hollywood production for decade to come . it would deserve a 10 if it be not for the racist minstrelization of african Americans .
the film be excellent . one of the most noteworthy thing about it be that Flynn 's performance be superb . this be worth stress , as he be often deride as a actor by Bette Davis et al. <br /> <br /> I remember the scene where Flynn get Arthur Kennedy drunk in order to take he to he doom at the battle of the Little Big Horn . the cold , calculate look on Flynn 's face as he do so be extraordinary - much better than the much vaunted Spencer Tracy or many other star could have do . <br /> <br /> the other thing to note be the excellent performance by George P. Huntley Jr as Lt `` Queen 's Own '' Butler . it be baffling why he stop make film shortly afterwards - one would have think that he would have be set up for year after as a character actor .
now this be more like it!one of the best movie I have ever seen!despite it make very well on all aspect , this movie be put down solely for not be too historically accurate.loosen up!there be ton of historical movie out there that be forgive for not be too historically accurate and many of they do not even come close to how grand , how entertaining and how captivating this movie was!now this be what a movie ticket be all about!you will get exacty what you want from this movie 's genre and all naysayer be those with the anti-flynn syndrome.this conservative rooted syndrome be very closely related to the anti-elvis , anti-ali , anti-clinton , anti-kennedy syndrome , usually cause by fear of charming individual who have unconventional beliefs.if the viewer of this movie be open mind and have the ability to separate politics from art , you will find this movie not only one of the best classic , but also one of the best movie of all time.i rate it the second best western ever , right behind Wayne 's the Cowboys ... ...
this movie be good for entertainment purpose , but it be not historically reliable . if you be look for a movie and think to yourself ` oh I want to learn more about Custer 's life and he last stand ' , do not rent ` they die with they Boots on ' . but , if you would like to watch a movie for the enjoyment of a older western film , with a little bit of romance and just for a good story , this be a fun movie to watch . <br /> <br /> the story start out with Custer 's -lrb- Errol Flynn -rrb- first day at West Point . everyone love he charming personality which allow he to get away with most everything . the movie follow he career from West Point and he many battle , include he battle in the civil war . the movie end with he last stand at Little Big Horn . in between the battle scene , he find love and marriage with Libby -lrb- Olivia De Havilland -rrb- . <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn portray the arrogant , but suave George Armstrong Custer well . Olivia De Havilland play the cute , sweet Libby very well , especially in the flirt scene that Custer and Libby first meet . they chemistry on screen make you believe in they romance . the act in general be impressive , especially the comedic role -lrb- although stereotypical -rrb- of Callie play by Hattie McDaniel . she character will definitely make you laugh . <br /> <br /> the heroic war music bring out the excitement of the battle scene . the beautiful costume set the tone of the era . the script , at time , be corny , although the movie be still enjoyable to watch . the director 's portrayal of Custer be as a hero and history show this be debatable . some will watch this movie and see Custer as a hero . other will watch this movie and learn hate he . <br /> <br /> I give it a thumb up for this 1942 western film .
naturally , along with everyone else , I be prime to expect a lot of Hollywood fantasy revisionism in THEY die with THEIR BOOTS ON over the legend of Custer . just have someone like Errol Flynn play Custer be enough of a clue that the legend have precedence over the truth in this production . and for the most part my expectation be fulfil -lrb- in a admittedly rousing and entertaining way -rrb- . <br /> <br /> yet even in this obviously bias -lrb- and much criticize -rrb- retelling of the Custer story , I be strike by some of the point make in this movie that , sometimes subtly but nevertheless solidly , seem to counter the typical clichés of manifest destiny and unvarnished heroism usually find in Westerns of the early 20th century . <br /> <br /> for instance , even while this film attempt to whitewash it be hero , certain scene still suggest the more flawed and foolish character of the real-life Custer : <br /> <br /> 1 -rrb- he initial entrance at the West Point front gate , in which he arrogance and pompousness be a clear aspect of he character . <br /> <br /> 2 -rrb- he miserable record at West Point , which seem to be attribute as much to Custer 's cluelessness about the demand of military service as any other factor ; there be moment in the way Flynn play Custer at West Point where he seem downright stupid . <br /> <br /> 3 -rrb- Custer 's promotion to General be not only present as a ridiculous mistake , but it play out as slapstick comedy . I half-expect to see the Marx Brothers or Abbott and Costello wander into the scene . <br /> <br /> 4 -rrb- Custer 's stand against Jeb Stuart at Gettysburg be not whitewash as brilliant military tactical leadership , but be present as reckless and wildly lucky . <br /> <br /> 5 -rrb- Custer 's drinking problem be certainly not ignore . <br /> <br /> and although the music and some of the way the Indians be show in this film be certainly reinforcement of the racist stereotype of the ignorant savage , it still come as a surprise to I that the movie actually go into some detail as to why the Indians be justified in attack the whites who be move into they land , and fairly explicitly lay the blame for the battle in the Black Hills squarely at the foot of the white man . in fact , no one can argue that the clear villain of the piece be not Anthony Quinn as sit Bull , but Arthur Kennedy & Co. as the white devil make the false claim of gold in the Black Hills . sure , that part of the story be true , but I do not expect to see it portray quite so unequivically in a movie like this . <br /> <br /> and one other thing : usually in these film it be the Indians who be portray en masse as drunken animal seemingly incapable of the basic common sense to avoid get fall down drunk any time they get near alcohol . in this movie , it be actually the troops of the 7th Cavalry , and not the Indians , who in at least two scene be portray this way . <br /> <br /> all in all , this movie slip in some surprising moment in the midst of the Hollywood bunk .
as a history of Custer , this in not even close -lrb- Custer die to help the indian ? I be sure the other member of the 7th Cav be not consult in that decision . -rrb- but as a western , this be fun . Flynn look , and act , the part of the dash cavalier . and the `` Garry Owen '' be always nice to hear !
so keira knightly be in it ... so automatically we compare this film to attonement . aside rom the fact that this film be also wartime and she appearance be uncanning , these film be totally different . <br /> <br /> the Actors work well , i think one good thing be there be no memorable person , they be a team . <br /> <br /> if you want a film where thing happen , then id advise another as the story of this film be about human interaction and they physche 's damage by they experience and how they life be intertwine . <br /> <br /> this film have genuine interaction , perfect pause moment that make you hold you breath . no its not exciting , but it be grip if you can empathise with these character . at moment i wonder if this film may have be better as a theatrical play rather than a movie . we expect a lot from movie as everything be possible , and yet with theatre we allow for interaction and rely on belief . <br /> <br /> there be thing wrong with it if you look for a blockbuster , if you look for nothing and allow the film to take you in , move you , allow yourself to forget these star , and not to judge they as actor but let they become people , you will truly ind yourself move . <br /> <br /> go on !! give it a go !
although `` they die with they Boots On '' be not entirely historically accurate it be a very entertaining western . not only be Flynn the perfect Custer , the character actor be superb . besides the action portion of the movie Flynn and DeHavilland 's love scene be very touching and believable . -lrb- Flynn and DeHavilland be very fond of each other in real life -rrb- . Flynn be always so tormented for be not take seriously if only he know that there be very few actor who could play the character he play and play they well !
Errol Flynn at he best as Robin Hood of the West , fight military red tape , confederate , indian and carpetbagger business crook singlehand to he great and final heroic end . not to forget the ever reliable O. de Havilland as Lady Mary of the west . never try to link this story to the fact and the real person , it do not work out . just enjoy it , because nobody ever claim to make documentary when Raoul Walsh and Errol Flynn co-worked .
the saving grace of this film be its humour . play up to the strength of they star , Warner Brothers cast they version of General Custer as a cocky , dash , irreverent prankster with a romantic streak and a unexpected strain of idealism ; it be Robin Hood all over again , and Flynn blossom in the role . all he best action picture make use of he talent for mischief and comic timing , and this one be no exception . <br /> <br /> it also benefit from the return of former co-star Olivia de Havilland , despite a earlier agreement to break the partnership ; the part of strong-minded Libby Custer be a better role than the sweet love-interest type she have grow tired of play for the studio in Flynn 's later film , and after see the script he have specifically request de Havilland be cast so that she could do justice to the part . in this final collaboration , she pile all she considerable act skill into what be , at heart , basically a romp adventure movie , and the screen chemistry be rekindle -- for once , she and Flynn get the chance to develop they character beyond the initial romance into a old married couple , to equally winning effect . <br /> <br /> the Flynn/de Havilland pair and the streak of comedy be what have provide this film 's durability , when most of Flynn 's other western -- hold in such affection by the contemporary american public , although allegedly not by they star -- have long since be forget . the action scene be fairly cursory -lrb- despite , ironically , the death of a extra in a fall during one of the film charge -rrb- and the villain of the piece turn out , schoolboy-fashion , to be the same people who be horrid to we hero on he very first day at West Point , and thus continue to frustrate he throughout he career . it cut down on the cast list , but it be a trifle too morally convenient . <br /> <br /> however , these be quibble largely irrelevant to a film that never set out to be more than a rousing piece of entertainment . ably aid and abet by a sterling group of support player -lrb- memorably include Anthony Quinn in a all-but-wordless role as the Sioux leader -rrb- , Errol Flynn gallop he way through the plot courtesy of he usual arsenal : charmingly sheepish look , unexpected sweetness , mischievous twinkle , flash-point indignation , cheerful fellowship and sheer high-octane charisma . he be a reckless braggart , but you can not help but like he . and it be hard to go away without the tune of `` Garryowen '' thread its jaunty way through you ear for many day thereafter . <br /> <br /> this be one of Flynn 's lasting hit ; it also contain a surprising amount of good act amongst the fun , and be a film worthy of be remember .
this be awesome !!! there be no partnership quite like Errol , and Olivia . there love be genuine ! I be 24 , yet this flick be as captivating now as I be sure it be 60 year ago . Raoul Walsh be a under-rated genius , he direction be so sweeping , so broad , yet so intimate . the last scene between colonel custer -lrb- Flynn -rrb- , and he wife -lrb- de havilland -rrb- , almost bring I to tear -lrb- not easy for a 24yr old guy !! -rrb- , its so heart-wrenching . there be also a deep christian message implicit here , the faith Custer have in take you glory with you , and the trust , and fidelity of he wife to the extent of let he go , in order that he fulfil he moral duty to protect the innocent civilian from certain massacre . there be no movie that deal with these issue quite like this . a must-see for anyone who want to look at this define moment in American , and military history , from the inside . patriotic , for all the right reason . i know Errol Flynn be a star , and De havilland be a screen legend-this only confirm my suspicion that they be among the very greatest !
George Armstrong Custer be know through history as a inept General who lead he rgiment to they death at the battle of little big Horn . `` they die with they boot on , '' paint a different picture of General Custer . in this movie he be portray as a flamboyant soldier whose mistake , and misdeed be mostly ue to he love for adventure . <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn play George Armstrong Custer who we first meet as a over confident recruit at West Point . Custer quickily distinguish himself from other cadet as bee a poor student who always seem to be in trouble . somehow this never appear to bother Custer and only seem to confuse he as he genuinely do not know how he get into such predicament . in spite of he poor standing , he eventualy graduate and become a officer in the United States Army . through a error , Custer receive a promotion in rank . before this can be correct , he lead a Union regiment into battle against the confederate . he campaign be successful and Custer become a unlikely national hero . Custer return to he hometown , marry he sweetheart , Libby who be play by Olivia De Havilland . Libby be a very supportive understanding wife who steadfastly stay by he side and follow he into the frontier as he assume leadership of the Seventh Regiment of the Cavalry . Custer become a man of honor who strive to keep peace with the native Americans . to prove he intention , he enter into a treaty with Crazy Horse , the leader of the Sioux . when that treaty be jeopardize by a conspiracy to spread a false rumor of gold be find in the Black Hills , Custer sacrifice he own life as well as the life of the man under he command to prevent the slaughter of thousand of innocent settler . <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn dominate each scene in which he appear . he successfully portray Custer as be flamboyant , arrogant , romantic and funny depend on the mood of the scene . Olivia De Havilland 's depiction of Libby Bacon Custer as the love of he life let we see he tender , more gentle side . the Chemistry between DeHavilland and Flynn , who have act together in several other movie , be so smooth and it almost make the viewer feel like they be play themselves and not the part of Custer and he wife . the other actor portrayal of they character truly enhance the performance of Flynn and De Havilland . Anthony Quinn as Crazy Horse , Sidney Greenstreet as General Winfield Scott , Arthur Kennedy as Edward Sharp be among the other actor whose role have make this movie entertaining . <br /> <br /> the reviewer would rate this a 4 star movie . while it be not historically accurate , it be very entertaining . the movie have a little bit of everything . it have adventure , comedy and romance , so it appeal to a large variety of audience . the casting of the character be excellent and the actor give believable performance which make you forget it be largely base on fiction instead of fact . the reviewer especially like that the native Americans be not show to be the bad guy but just show they as want to protect they sacred land . <br /> <br />
whether one view he as a gallant cavalier of the plain or a glory hunting egomaniac , debate about the life and military career of George Armstrong Custer continue down to the present day . they die with they Boots on present certain fact of the Custer story and have take liberty with other . <br /> <br /> he do in fact graduate at the bottom of he class at West Point and get this overnight promotion on the battlefield to Brigadier General . he record lead the Michigan regiment under he command be one of brilliance . <br /> <br /> it be also true that he marriage to Libby Bacon be one of the great love match of the 19th century . Libby and George be marry for 12 year until the little big Horn . what be not know to today 's audience be that Libby survive until 1933 . during that time she be the custodian of the Custer legend . by dint of she own iron will and force of personality she late husband become a hero because she would not allow he to be remember in any other way . <br /> <br /> I think Raoul Walsh and Warner Brothers miss a good opportunity to have the Custer career tell in flashback . Olivia DeHavilland should have be make up the way Jeanette MacDonald be in Maytime , and be tell the story of she husband and she marriage from the point of view of nostalgia and remembrance . even then the crack in the Custer legend be appear , but if do from Libby 's point of view , they could be understand and forgive . <br /> <br /> Sydney Greenstreet give a fine performance as General Winfield Scott . the only problem be that Scott have nothing whatsoever to do with Custer , he be retire and replace by George B. McClellan in late 1861 while Custer be still at West Point . I be not sure they ever meet . but Greenstreet do a good characterization of the ponderous and powerful Winfield Scott . a nice Mexican War story should have be what they give Greenstreet instead for he very accurate portrayal of old fuss and feather . <br /> <br /> the film though be carry by one of the great romantic team of cinema , Errol Flynn and Olivia DeHavilland . this be the last of eight film they do together . the last scene they ever do for the camera be Libby 's farewell to George as he leave to join he regiment for what will prove to be he last campaign . both they performance , Olivia 's especially , be a high point in they career at Warner Brothers . we know through history that Custer be ride to he doom , that and the fact that this be they last screen team give this scene such a special poignancy . if you eye do not moisten you be make of marble . <br /> <br /> as history they die with they Boots on leave a lot to be desire . as western adventure that successfully mix romance with the action , you can not beat this film at all .
great historical movie , will not allow a viewer to leave once you begin to watch . View be present differently than display by most school book on this subject . my only fault for this movie be it be photograph in black and white ; wish it have be in color ... wow !
I see this film over Christmas , and what a great film it be ! it tell the story of Custer -lrb- play by Errol Flynn -rrb- during and after he graduation from Westpoint . although I have hear that the film be not very historically accurate -lrb- Hollywood never be -rrb- I still enjoy it as I know little of the real event anyway . <br /> <br /> I think Errol Flynn be brilliant as Custer and have since become my favourite actor ! he act alongside Olivia De Havilland be brilliant and the end be fantastic ! it bring I close to tear as he and Ned Sharp -lrb- Arthur Kennedy -rrb- ride to they death on little big horn . <br /> <br /> I have always know that Errol Flynn be a brilliant actor as he be my dad favourite actor , and I grow up watch he film as a child . but it be not until I watch this film that I realise how great he actually be . <br /> <br /> I 'll give this film 10 out of 10 !!
although this film change reality to make it more heroic and entertaining , sometimes fantasy be more enjoyable than real life , and also nothing could be more real than Errol Flynn play Custer . this remain the best film make about Custer . the music of Max Steiner be magnificent and also all through the film the irish song `` Gerry Owen '' , which be a favourite of Custer be play . the film should have more villain , because they try to concentrate all the bad guy in Arthur Kennedy . the relationship between Flynn and De Havilland flow like in no other off they film together , and director Raoul Walsh with he experience in outside scene with a lot of actor be at he best .
this be a wonderful film as a film - it get a 8 out of 10 . as a film piece of accurate history ... one wish to be more loving , but it be a 5 out of 10 . and I think I be actually be very charitable . <br /> <br /> what be he like - that man of horse and saber who be the youngest `` boy '' general in the Union Army of the American Civil War , and end die with all he command in the greatest military victory of the north american indian tribe ? Opinionated , militant , bumptious , bloody-handed , ambitious , clever , too-clever , indian-foe , indian-friend -lrb- ? -rrb- , and national hero . he death in 1876 be treat as a national tragedy and push he into a position of fame equal to Washington , Lincoln , Jackson , and grant/lee , and Sherman/Jackson . it be only with a grow awareness of the mistake make in he career - the overly ambitious hot-spur , that he reputation decline . yet to this day , George Armstrong Custer remain the best recall figure in we history 's military annals to lose he last battle -lrb- I can not really think of a similar one - maybe general Jonathan Mayhew Wainwright , force to stay with he man on the Bataan Death March - but Wainwright survive the March and the second World War -rrb- . <br /> <br /> Custer have appear in more film than far better general , due to the western adventure and little big Horn . pity that the detail of the real career be never handle so lovingly as Raoul Walsh and Errol Flynn handle they in this film . but even in 1941 the legend be still potent . Olivia De haviland portray Libby Custer , who be recently point out in another film review on this thread survive George until 1933 , so she effective handling of the story be still in place eight year later . Custer be see as we wayward but brave knight errant , and with the shadow of World War II loom closer we have to keep the myth and bury the truth . John Ford would have fully understand this and approve it . <br /> <br /> so we get the view that he be a hot-spur , but he be patriotic . although almost push out of West Point by demerit -lrb- which be true -rrb- , Custer be in the class of 1861 , and it would have be really stupid to be picky about such a fighter that year . you see , most of the so-called military talent from West Point -lrb- from Robert E. Lee down -rrb- be southern , and join the Confederacy . the Union need every northern `` point '' man they could find . <br /> <br /> Custer 's Civil War career should be give closer study - he be attach to the staff of General - in - Chief George B. McClellan , and distinguish himself in the Peninsula Campaign and other eastern front warfare . but he be a cavalryman - and he would rise under the watchful eye of Grant and Sherman 's buddy Phil Sheridan in the latter part of the war . in particular he serve with dash and distinction at the battle of Cedar Creek , which end the threat of the Confederacy in the Shenandoah Valley . it also hit Custer hard on a personal level -lrb- he close West Point friend , Stephen Ramseur , join the Confederacy and rise to a position like Custer - mortally wound , Custer sit with Ramseur all through the latter 's last night alive -rrb- . <br /> <br /> follow the war thing fall apart . he want to make he brevet - major generalship permanent -lrb- it be not , as it be a battlefield promotion -rrb- . they only have a Lt. Colonelship to give he in the shrunken army along the frontier . he try to play politics , make the error of support President Andrew Johnson on a political trip in 1866 , and find most northerner hate Johnson as a inept idiot . he supposedly admire the Indians -lrb- he certainly be eloquent in write of they and the West -rrb- , but he cause a genuine military massacre in 1868 of indian woman and child that end with a court martial . later , during the 1870s he would support indian claim against a ring of politician -lrb- that go up to the Secretary of War , William Belknap -rrb- who buy and sell indian trading post for profit . it ruin Belknap , and leave a black eye on the Grant Administration . it put he into the doghouse with Grant and Sherman -lrb- who be Belknap 's former commander -rrb- , and Sheridan barely save he career . then he be send on the final big Horn Campaign . and immortality arrive . <br /> <br /> that career be worth a real film , but would it be too critical ? should we hold a man of the 1850s - 1876 to the standard of 2007 ? would we like that do to we in a hundred year ? certainly it could happen , but I be not sure we would like it . <br /> <br /> custer -lrb- 1941 style -rrb- fit Flynn like a glove , with he give the closest to a `` dance '' performance in any of he major film . he final movie with Olivia De haviland be underline with a melancholy due to the fate of the hero 's character . in support actor like Sidney Greenstreet , Stanley Ridges , Arthur Kennedy and Anthony Quinn do very nicely as friend , foe , or even treacherous sneak -lrb- kennedy -rrb- . as a entertaining piece of myth make it remain high - but as a study of a complex military hero it be not what it should be .
can you capture the moment ? when first you hear rain on a roof ? some thing be beyond the sum of they part , express the poetry of life . the thing that matter . <br /> <br /> Poet Dylan Thomas capture the seemingly inexpressible `` a good poem help to ... extend everyone 's knowledge , of himself and the world around he . '' -lrb- Bob Dylan name himself after he -rrb- . so why have it take so long to make a film of the great Dylan Thomas ? a simple biopic could have miss the point . writer Sharman Macdonald have take a different , better approach . <br /> <br /> in the Edge of Love , she create the world of passion and complexity that fill the poem so we can swim in they . the life of four friend . Dylan , who lust and love to the full . Wife Caitlin -lrb- Sienna Miller -rrb- , he feisty support . war-hero William -lrb- Cillian Murphy -rrb- , who save he from a street brawl . and then there be he childhood sweetheart . vera . Dear Vera . take you breath away Vera . she be Caitlin 's closest friend . William 's wife . and , like a muse , the ` star ' in Dylan 's dark sky . <br /> <br /> it all kick off in the 1940 London Blitz , with bomb shelter in the underground . enter Vera -lrb- a impressive Keira Knightley -rrb- under makeshift stage spotlight . she meet Dylan for the first time again in year , she heart be flush . they eye shine through the smoke of the room . the purity of they former passion . Dylan -lrb- native welsh-speaker , Matthew Rhys -rrb- be no sanctified , sanitised poet . master of he vice he must experience they all fully . he introduce he beloved wife then continue to woo Vera . <br /> <br /> the Edge of Love be a visual treat . the soundtrack leave you want for more . Performances be possibly the best by these actor in they career . as a lush love story it be pretty good . as a insight into Dylan Thomas and the reality of poetry in all we life , not bad at all . and as a tribute to a great man , inspiring . <br /> <br /> the production have be at pain to project the spirit of Dylan Thomas without compromise historical accuracy too much . dramatic tension involve a pull between artistic freedom and conventional morality . audience look for a experience base on the latter may be disappoint . and it will play less well to audience whose boundary be those of Albert Square . <br /> <br /> Sharman Macdonald seem aware of the headstrong nature of artistic freedom and its limit when she speak to producer Rebekah Gilbertson -lrb- granddaughter of the real William and Vera -rrb- . `` think of all the thing that you do not want I to write about , '' she say , '' because I have to have carte blanche . '' for Macdonald , the limit be if she should cause offence to Dylan 's memory . but for many artist , especially man , the limit be those which wife and family could set on they . a woman be not go to let lofty ideal interfere with practical common sense issue , and will even put she child 's interest before she own -lrb- this occasionally happen the other way round , as when tower genius Virginia Woolf refuse to let loving Leonard bring she down to earth - in the hour -rrb- . <br /> <br /> in spite of the tension between Caitlin and Vera , these two woman become closest buddy . it be one of the main -lrb- and very beautiful -rrb- theme of the film . <br /> <br /> the film 's colour tell a story in themselves . in a drab , wartime Britain , Caitlin and Vera be vivid highlight in a ocean of grey . shortly after meet Vera 's lit-up-in-lights stage persona , we encounter Caitlin through she searing blue eye , sparkling in a darkened railway carriage . she dramatic red coat cut a dash through street of colourless homogeneity , triumph on a beautiful staircase as she reunite with Dylan . but Vera 's lipstick red brightness be less enduring . for she , marriage be second-best , even when she have become possess with genuine love for she husband . <br /> <br /> outstanding cinematography extend to use montage to juxtapose image , in a manner similar to poetry 's juxtaposition of unrelated word to create further meaning . horrific war scene in Thessaly be intercut with scream of Vera in pregnancy . give birth or be it abortion ? we be not tell immediately . pain be universal and go beyond time and place to we present day . <br /> <br /> constant echo of Dylan 's poetry throughout the film lead we beyond earthly opposite . it remind I of Marlon Brando read t Eliot in Apocalypse now . a light beyond the horror of the world . a different way of see thing . `` I 'll take you back to a time when no bomb fall from the sky and no-one die -- ever , '' say Dylan to Vera as they walk along the beach . elsewhere , Caitlin recall childhood with Vera : `` we be still innocent in Dylan , '' she say . <br /> <br /> there be a time to leave you knickers at home or share a universal cigarette . -lrb- not literally , perhaps . -rrb- a time to be inspire . enjoy what be possibly the best british film of the year .
the Custer Legend , a la Warner Brothers Epic . there be no casting against type here , with the flamboyant Flynn as the flamboyant Custer in this rousing tribute , not only to Custer , but to the man of the 7th Cavalry . the story trace the life of the famed ` Boy General '' from he turbulent day at West Point to he final fight at the Little Big Horn . great liberty be take with fact here , and we be present with a Custer that be much more sympathetic to the plight of the redman than history relate . but this one be do on such a grand scale , the battle scene alone provide employment for every extra in Hollywood . down beat end and all , this be great fun !
all in all , a excellent movie from that time and source -lrb- come from Warner Brothers as it be peak in craftsmanship and style just before WWII -rrb- , provide you do not take it at all seriously . the movie really make no claim to be historically accurate , and be certainly no more or less accurate or believable than say , JFK . -lrb- this one may actually be more honest about it , though , as it essentially admit along the way that it be not to be take as particularly fact-based , but more of a stylishly semi-heroic portrayal . -rrb- it be worth note that audience of the time be no more naive about the story than we be today ; the NY Times review concede that audience would `` dismiss factual inaccuracy sprinkle throughout the film , '' describe the biographical account of Custer 's life as `` fanciful , '' and point out that the presentation of Custer 's motivation regard the final event be at odds with various historical account . they could have really go overboard in build up Custer , one suppose , but they succeed admirably in depict he as not necessarily the sharpest or most diligent guy around , but appropriately determine , principled and inspirational . <br /> <br /> Flynn and DeHavilland , do they 8th movie together in 7 year -lrb- and they last -rrb- , be so comfortable together , and play off each other so easily at this point , that it be not too difficult to overlook how thinly they courtship be write here . with a first-time pairing , it would be hard to imagine what could really draw Elizabeth to Custer , but these two make it work . the movie be also miss they director from they previous seven film together -lrb- the greatly underrated Michael Curtiz -rrb- , but give that he have work with they on the previous year 's similar-themed Santa Fe trail , it be understandable if he choose to opt out of this one . -lrb- they all start together with Captain Blood and the charge of the light brigade - both terrific - so we can not really blame they if they start have a tough time keep it all fresh . -rrb- <br /> <br /> Raoul Walsh , the director here , be certainly more comfortable with the action sequence - which be outstanding - and everything else outdoors . the interior scene be a little more uneven , but the studio craftsman succeed in compensate for that very well , as do Warner Bros ' outstanding cast of `` usual suspect '' and new face -lrb- Greenstreet , Gene Lockhart , Anthony Quinn , Arthur Kennedy , etc -rrb- . I would have like it better if Kennedy 's character have be a bit less standard -lrb- I generally like he work -rrb- , but here he seem to be hit roughly the same note in every scene ; the part could have be better write - and I suppose they might have be unsure of what he could handle , as he would only be in film for one year -lrb- Walsh probably take he for this after do high Sierra together -rrb- . <br /> <br /> various highlight include the depiction -lrb- probably imagine -rrb- of the genesis of `` Garryowen '' as the cavalry theme . the last half hour be particularly outstanding , especially with the parting of the lead echo the end of they screen partnership , follow by the final battle scene . a thoroughly rousing adventure . <br /> <br /> 8 of 10
dash Errol Flynn bring he usual flair for drama in this historically flaw but entertaining film of the life of George Armstrong Custer . the dashing , jovial Flynn essay Custer from he day at West Point as a reckless , headstrong cadet , through the Civil War year in a extraordinarily generous and partisan interpretation of history , and finally as the nonpareil indian fighter whose blunder at the Little Big Horn be excuse as a sacrifice by Custer of he command as a way of expose the corruption of government official and post trader as well as a protest of the unfair treatment of the Plains Indians . Olivia de Havilland , Flynn 's co-star in several other film , score as the devoted , adoring Libby Bacon , and Anthony Quinn look the part as the fierce Sioux chief Crazy Horse . the film 's battle scene be excellent . the Civil War battle be brief and be show as several vignette in which Custer , seemingly support by just a handful of trooper , hammer the confederate army into submission . Custer 's last fight against the Indians be a grand spectacle , a savage clash between red man and white , with no quarter give in a wild mix of military might between determine fight man . great direction , cinematography , casting and wonderful music by Max Steiner make this film a Hollywood classic .
I have see this movie as a kid and love it . I love how spunky and full of energy Nikki be , and how she mostly ruin Louden 's perfect yuppie life and corrupt he and turn he on to she crazy way . as a kid in the 80 's I see New York exactly the way it be portray in this movie , the domain of Madonna 's character , with wild animal run rampant and hideous bald man chase people around and cause havoc . now as a adult I find I love the movie for the same reason , and even more so for the love story weave into the crazy antic of Ms. Nikki Finn . although I would still love to go anywhere and find a indoor atrium like in this movie . pure beauty and genius .
Nicole Finn -lrb- Madonna -rrb- be just be release from prison . although she be order to go by bus to Philadelphia , she want to stick around the place she be arrest . this be because she claim she have information that would clear she record . Louden -lrb- Griffin Dunne -rrb- be assign to escort she to the bus by he future father in law . Louden will be drive around the city anyway -lrb- in he future mother in law 's Rolls Royce -rrb- , pick up the wedding ring and a rare big , big cat for a eccentric collector . Nicki , however , start the ensue mayhem as soon as she jump in the Rolls to take over the driving . between big cat , taxi driver , hit man , bridesmaid , and a wedding cake with gun , lawyer Louden know he be not in Kansas anymore . be there a way out of the madness ? this film be a wild trip down comedy avenue . Madonna and Dunneare perfect foil to each other , make they connection uproarious , as they play out they role as a ex-con and a uptight , button-down lawyer , respectively . the script be laudable in it be ability to send the viewer into fit of hysteria as one implausible scene give way to the next one , and the next . everything secondary , from the support actor to the scenery to the costume , be also quite nice . if you know someone who be in need of a jolt of joy , rent this movie for they . you will both be cheerio pronto .
i have to rate this movie at a 10 . i be sorry but i think it be classic comedy . then , if you be rate it to other Madonna movie ... well , what ? you wan na tell I it be not she best movie ever ? do not Mira Sorvino win a Oscar for almost the same performance not ten year later ? please , this movie deserve much more credit than it get . plus , i like to think of it as a a + sociological study into the lifestyle of the 80 's . remember when you could shoplift from Sam Goody and Cartier in the same day ? remember when woman wear bushy eyebrow proudly ? so it be no `` last emperor '' , it be still good . there be certain movie i would be willing to watch everyday . three , actually , that pep up my day and make I smile . if you like `` who be that Girl ? '' then i would also recommend `` Party Girl '' and `` Romy and Michelle 's High School Reunion '' .
I have not be a fan of Madonna for quite sometime now , however , I think I would comment on this film . <br /> <br /> this film mistaken . one of they , as well as Madonna , be pan by the critic . they be highly mistaken and many potential viewer be turn off by the bad review . <br /> <br /> First , Madonna do a excellent job in this movie which be one of she first . she play a ditsy blonde in the film , she be far from a ditsy blonde in real life . most critic be somewhat prejudiced by she singing fame and do not give she a fair shake . when you view this film I hope that you understand that the accent and the goofiness be just act . she be absolutely hysterical as be the film . <br /> <br /> Griffen Dunne be another person who be not give a fair review in the film . if you take a look at he filmography , you will see he be quite a accomplished actor . <br /> <br /> as far as the movie itself , this be something similar to pretty woman , but come 3 year before the Roberts , Gere success . it be a goof-ball comedy with lot of site gag , slapstick and one liner . some of the comedy be deadpan and take a comedy aficionado to really appreciate the more subtle humor . <br /> <br /> I know this do not tell you much about the movie , however , I hope this help dispel any belief that this be a poor movie . it be absolutely worth rent for a enjoyable night of great fun . <br /> <br /> peace . <br /> <br /> Gary
Nikki Finn be the kind of girl I would marry . never boring , always think positively , good with animal . okay , as one reviewer write , a bit too much peroxide , lipstick , and eyebrow -lrb- only Madonna could get away with that -rrb- . but that be why I love Nikki Finn , she be not you ordinary girl . she make thing happen , always exciting to be around , and always honest . sure , she steal , but she do not rob or murder -lrb- unless you be out to do she in -rrb- . she know which rule can be break and which one should be obey . she know what to take and what can not be steal . if you need a favor from she , she be in 100 % . bottom line : she know how to enjoy life . Nikki be always loving -lrb- which be why she have a way with wild animal -rrb- , and completely dedicate to those she love , and who love she . <br /> <br /> who be that Girl ? she be the girl for I .
when I see a movie , I usually seek entertainment . but of course if I know what genre the move be , then I will seek what it be mean to do . for example , if it be a deep film , I expect the film to rile thought up in my cranium and make I ponder what it be say . but who be that Girl ? be not a deep film . but it be entertaining , nonetheless . it be a campy sort of film that be a joy to watch . there be barely a boring moment in the film and there be plenty of humorous part . I have watch it when I be younger . the cast be always entertaining as usual . I have a small crush on Griffin Dunne even though he be not the typical male heartthrob at the time . haviland Morris also star . and late austrian actress Bibi Besch be here too ! overall , a delight !
why do everyone feel they have to constantly put this movie down ? it be cute and funny -lrb- exactly what it be mean to be -rrb- . Madonna be not out to prove herself as a Oscar calliber artist with this movie anyhow ! she be just do what the character call for , and she do it well . I love she in this movie ; it be my second favorite Madonna movie after Evita . the soundtrack be excellent too . it be no better or no worse than any cheesy 80 's flick . to all the critic , just do not take it so seriously and you might have fun watch it . Madonna be a goddess !!!
in this tv special Jon be the one who need a life . the highlight of he day be count the tile on the ceiling and rearrange he sock drawer . not content with this forever , Jon take Garfield to a self help group in order to meet people . how many people will be interested in a loner 20-something who be best friend be a cat ? <br /> <br /> after several fail attempt at get a girl , include one cringeworthy dance scene that rival David Brents ' fusion of Flashdance and MC Hammer in the Office -lrb- Disco 's dead ? , say Jon -rrb- , he be more than shock to find a cute girl who be as much as a jerk as himself . <br /> <br /> naturally , they get on but Garfield be worry that John will forget about he and prefer have kid to a cat . fortunately Jon 's new girlfriend be allergic to cat . <br /> <br /> with slicker animation than past tv special , this feel like a longer episode of Garfield and Friends .
this movie be so good ! I first see it when i be six , then i buy it recently and i still love it , im 15 now . plus , the acting be great , and Madonna be my idol and she do a phat job ! alot of people didnt like this movie , and i still to this day dont understand why .
one of the funniest , most romantic , and most musical movie ever ; definitely worth renting/buying especially if you have a taste for older style of cinematography . <br /> <br /> the animal and the song alone will make you smile while watch the movie . a definite must for Madonna fan . :o-rrb-_NN
for late-80s cheese , this really be not so bad . there be a lot of pretty funny throwaway one-liner -lrb- `` that be grand theft ! '' - `` thanks ! '' -rrb- and Madonna give a fine performance ; nothing award-worthy here , but that go for razzy as well as Oscars . I be curious to know if the movie would have be better receive if she have use she regular -lrb- pre-british influence -rrb- speak voice rather than the hyper-bronxy accent use instead . oh well . as a side note , I get to meet one of the actor who play one of the motorcycle cop through my work ; he say that it be a fun film to work on but give I the sad news that the actor who play Buck the UPS delivery guy die about a year after who be that Girl
fantastic , Madonna at she finest , the film be funny and she acting be brilliant . it may have be make in the 80 's but it have all the quality of a modern Hollywood block-buster . I love this film and i think its totally unique and will cheer up any droopy person within a matter of minute . fantastic .
I have see this movie before , but I could not remember it be this fantastic : it have a fun plot , Madonna fumble around the city with puma etc. cause a commotion . and the music be just perfect ! and the happy end ! who ´ s that girl be a great choice for a romanticist like I . in my opinion this could be even the best Madonna movie I have ever see ! 10/10
if this film have be make in the 50 's or 60 's , critic and fan alike would have praise it . I myself , enjoy the film from begin to end . it be not a timeless piece , and have not aged well over the year , but it be enjoyable to watch , nonetheless . as for Mrs. Ritchie 's act in the film ? not the best on the planet -- but it add to the film 's unique slapstick comedy-aspiration , and showcase Madonna 's -lrb- often underrated -rrb- sense of comedic timing . Madonna play Nikki Finn , a ex-convict who be frame for a crime she do not commit . Griffin Dunne play the hapless future groom/puppet who be send to escort she from prison to the bus station , where a series of unfortunate event occur , thus create the plot . -lrb- and there * be * one , folk ! -rrb- give the film a shot . you might be pleasantly surprise at how funny it really be .
Madonna get into action , again and she fail again ! who be that Girl be release just one year after the huge flop of Shangai Surprise and two after the successful cult movie desperately seek Susan . she choose to act in it to forget the flop of the previous movie , not suspect that this latter could be a flop , too . the movie receive a bad acceptance by american critic and audience , while in Europe it be a success . Madonna state that `` some people do not want that she be successful both as a pop star and a movie-star '' . the soundtrack album , in which she sing four track sell well and the title-track single be agreat hit all over the world , as like as the World Tour . the truth isthat Madonna fail as a actress 'cause the script be quite weak . Butit 's not so bad , especially for those who like the 80 's : it be such a ramshackle , trash , colorful and joyful action movie ! at the end , it be very funny to watch it .
I be really sad that that this film have get so much negative criticism . I think it be a nice little comedy and really funny . the humour in this film be kind of warm and innocent and I like it . I also like Madonna 's character and I do not agree that she play herself . she have create a character and a sympathetic one . <br /> <br /> my favourite scene be the fight scene on top of the sinking car and where Madonna climb over the fence in a fancy dress to claim she love . the humour in the film have a slightly syrrealistic touch and perhaps it be not everybody be cup of tea . but it be they problem , not of the film . <br /> <br /> I find this film wholesome and sunny . in fact , the day i first see it I be incredibly sad for some reason and this film light up my day . and Madonna can act . just take off you glass of negative thinking .
`` what be he name ? '' `` Loudon . '' `` Loudon what ? '' `` clear . '' <br /> <br /> that gag still get I , twenty one year after the film be release . <br /> <br /> I love the film back then and I love it today . I must have watch this a hundred time back in the day , and when I buy the dvd recently I could still remember some of the dialogue . <br /> <br /> Madonna play Nikki Finn , a young woman jail for a crime she do not commit . when she get out she decide to seek revenge . <br /> <br /> Griffin Dunne -lrb- whatever happen to he ? -rrb- , play a attorney for he fiancée 's father -lrb- John McMartin -rrb- . the future father-in-law ask Loudon to take Nikki from prison to the bus station and to make sure she get on the bus , as part of a suppose new public relation programme . a seemingly easy task , but there be complication aplenty , some funny dialogue , and some admittedly stupid-but-funny scene along the way . <br /> <br /> Madonna have a stupid voice in this film , which until I be able to watch with subtitle make one or two line of dialogue incomprehensible for I -lrb- hence only 8/10 -rrb- , but on the other hand I can not imagine she do it in she normal voice . <br /> <br /> this film show Madonna 's comic side -lrb- too lack these day , perhaps -rrb- , and she genuinely be funny in the role . Dunne make a great foil , while haviland Morris be perfect as the uppity fiancée . <br /> <br /> yes , it be predictable , yes , the joke could be better , but I think this be a great film and will happily sit down and watch it 100 time more .
I love this movie !! sure I love it because of Madonna but who care - it be damn funny !!! * ALANiS Rocks * . when I first see this film in the theatre back in 1987 , I think it be all out hilarious ! Madonna be so funny and I love she dub accent and wacky/funky look . the all-time funniest part be when Madonna -lrb- Nikki -rrb- scream at a man who be about to get into a taxi . and also when Griffin Dunne -lrb- Louden -rrb- trip and fall at the apartment interview scene . ** ALANiS Rocks ** . Madonna 's character Nikki steals/shop lift and fool people throughout the whole movie - she hilarious antic be enough to keep you on the floor the whole time . `` do not rob nothin ' , when you rob a store you stick up the cashier . we bust a few tape , there be a bit of a difference '' I love that !!! it be classic . *** ALANiS Rocks *** . I do not know why this movie get slam the way it do . I see nothing wrong with it - course maybe if you be a huge Madonna fan then whatever she do be just awesome . anyone out there who want to see some funny , classic entertainment then watch `` who be that Girl ? '' and another very important fact that of which should be know to all man kind or at least to all that exist , ALANiS will always `` rock ya '' completely to the end ! so do Madonna in this film , and just entirely ! she acting be superb !
-lsb- contain SPOILERS !!! -rsb- <br /> <br /> Garfield and he owner Jon Arbuckle be in a rut . they basically have no life at all . all they do be lay around and count the ceiling tile . Jon even organize he sock drawer accord to color and fabric . he need a life . so he consult a book on the subject that tell he to meet a woman . a singles ' bar be a great place to start . unfortunately , when the music start and Jon hit the dance floor , we see what make disco die : Jon kill it . Jon next try to pick up girl at the video store . he end up feel down in the mouth . literally . the laundromat be no prize either when Jon and he would-be date get a glimpse of each other 's underwear . Jon try to act all buff at the beach , but soon he anger a real buff guy , which leave Jon feeling , once again , down in the mouth . literally . Jon then try to pick up girl walk and jogging by . no avail . Jon pull out a guitar and sing the blues . unfortunately when he mention he cat be fat , a fat man walk up and stomp Jon 's guitar . it be hopeless . <br /> <br /> fortunately for Jon , a ad flash on the tv : a ad for Lorenzo 's School for the Personality impaired . it guarantee a lifeless person to get a life in a few easy step . Jon and Garfield attend the class . the building do not exactly look the same way it do on tv , nor do Lorenzo act as peppy as he do on tv . Jon sit next to a pretty girl name Mona . so while Lorenzo teach he lesson of introduce yourself , check you pulse , and pretend to speak a foreign language , Jon and Mona get to know one another . they leave together , forget all about Garfield . at home , Jon and Mona just sit on the porch and talk . Garfield be jealous of Mona for fear that she would take Jon away from he . Garfield envision the future : Jon and Mona get marry , she move in , and soon she give birth to a little Arbuckle who be overjoy at pull Garfield 's tale . back to the present , Garfield would not stand for it . he try to get Jon to get rid of Mona , until she start scratch behind he ear . but then Jon learn that Mona be allergic to cat . so that be basically the end of they relationship . but they still see each other every now and then , and Garfield be sure to be with they . <br /> <br /> another hilarious Garfield tv special ! this one be make during the run of tv 's Garfield and Friends . Garfield be slim down somewhat . somewhat . since hie early 1980 's cartoon . the scene of Jon try to pick up chick be funny , so be the one where the fat guy stomp on Jon 's guitar . good ol' Lorenzo Music be back as Garfield . Thom huge be Jon . Frank Welker -lrb- the third man of 1,000 voice -rrb- be Lorenzo . and June foray -lrb- the woman of 1,000 voice -rrb- be Mona . if you like Garfield , then I recommend you see Garfield get A Life today ! it , along with here come Garfield , and Garfield on the Town , be just release on dvd ! so check they all out today ! you be guarantee a good time . hey , have Garfield ever let you down before ? <br /> <br /> -
do not listen to what the critic have always say about this cute , charming little movie . Madonna be great in this clever comedy . I work at a video store for several year and suggest this movie to lot of customer - no one ever bring it back and scream at I for tell they to rent it . everyone always enjoy it . it be actually a great movie for kid , too .
I kid you not . yes , `` who be that Girl '' have the distinction for be one in a string of Madonna 's film that bomb , but I actually like this movie more than `` desperately seek Susan '' . in `` Susan '' , Madonna 's character be relegate to be second-fiddle to Rosanna Arquette and be not give much to work with . no disrespect to Rosanna , but in WTG Madonna play this zany , outrageous character , only do in a 80s style . while it may seem `` cheesy '' today , this be actually one of Madonna 's best and one of she most underrated film . <br /> <br /> Madonna play Nikki Finn , a ex-con who be send to the slammer for a crime she do not commit . she be be release from jail after four year of good behavior . Griffin Dunne , who be also a very underrated actor , play Louden Trott , a lawyer who have the unpleasant task of pick she up from jail to take she to the bus station . of course , when these two get together , that be when the madness happen . Sir John Mills have a small role as the rich businessman who have a huge mansion in the middle of Manhattan with a rainforest -lrb- ??? -rrb- on he roof . <br /> <br /> this movie parody everything . rich people , the sleazy character who live in Harlem and totally destroy Louden 's Rolls-Royce , the gay cop who follow Madonna and Dunne around town , and Dunne 's stuck-up fiance wendy Worthington who have purportedly sleep with every cab driver in New York City -lrb- play by haviland Morris , who be Jake 's girlfriend Caroline in sixteen candle -rrb- . hilarious ! plus , Dunne be also in charge of a rare breed of leopard reminiscent of `` bring up Baby '' . plus , Madonna have a great platinum blonde 80s look back in those day and the movie have a great soundtrack . throw this all into the mix and you have the zaniness of WTG . <br /> <br /> Madonna be the queen of deadpan acting . there be time in the movie where she say a line totally straight and surprisingly , it turn out to be funny ! that be how some of the best comedy should be play - straight . Madonna should have do more comedy and it be a shame that she do not choose to do so . later on she become much more controversial and get into more of the dark , sexually-charged role in the notorious movie `` body of evidence '' and `` dangerous game '' . <br /> <br /> some people say Madonna can not act , and that be fine , people be entitle to they opinion , but I believe the real problem be that people can not see the difference between Madonna play a character on film , instead they still see only Madonna and that be main reason why she be give more respect for she music than for she movie . it be still a fun , screwball comedy of the 80s . not for everyone , I be sure some of you will dislike it , so I would recommend it mainly for Madonna fan , but you never know , you might be surprised and like it ! <br /> <br /> interesting note : one of Madonna 's friend from she early-80s New York club day , Coati Mundi , who play Raoul , be a member in the band kid Creole and the Coconuts and Savannah Band .
if you like Madonna or not , this movie be hilarious !! I be a Madonna fan and do see this in the theater at the time of its release . however , over time it have not lose its silliness and pure fun . sure there be some bad line & cheesy act but the whole film be just a screwball comedy with Madonna actually carry the whole film with great bombast . she be cute , funny , and be the only comedic role of she movie career . Madonna usually just play ` herself ' in role but watch she as Nikki Finn in this film , she really seem like somebody else for once . of course the film be direct by James Foley -lrb- who film the dramatic and haunting ` at Close Range ' with Sean Penn & Christopher Walken -rrb- and co-star Griffin dunn -lrb- ` after hour ' -rrb- who be also brilliantly cast and have fun with the material . the story be nothing genius and do not expect some climatic end but if you be ever in the mood to watch a fun , clean , 80 's romp or if you be a Madonna fan than this be a MUST see . the soundtrack be also very notable and contain 4 Madonna song : the # 1 hit `` who be that Girl '' , the # 2 hit `` cause a commotion '' and the beautiful and one of she best ever ballad `` the look of Love '' -lrb- Top 10 hit in the UK -rrb- and `` can not stop '' a leave over pop ditty from the ` true blue ' session the year before . it be only on VHS but will soon be available on dvd .
so , Madonna be not Meryl Streep . still , this be one of she first film and a comedy at that . give she a break ! sure , the movie be mediocre at best and pale in comparison to its earlier counterpart w / Katherine Hepburn , bring up Baby . for what it be , though -lrb- a piece of fluff -rrb- , it be quite a bit of fun to watch . I have yet to hear anyone that slam Madonna 's act skill back it up w / evidence or even adjective other than `` awful '' , `` bad '' , or other such vague descriptive word . if you wan na see bad act or justify the argument that singer should stick to singing , how about Whitney Houston ?? she be have the most undeserved commercial success of any actress in history and could not act she way out of a hatbox . the american public obviously can not discern the difference between a credible performance in a movie and star power . I think Madonna have always be at least credible in she movie . get real people . madonna-bashing be so 90 's .
I see this movie the day it open in NYC , at the Ziegfield . at the time Madonna be not quite the cultural icon she be now . she have a couple of hit , be very good in `` desparately seek Susan '' and I have ticket to see she in concert at Giants Stadium . <br /> <br /> `` who be that Girl ? '' give Madonna a actual role to play , which be not just a variation of she own personality . she do the madcap/heroine routine better than you might think . Griffin Dunne be very well cast as the man around to witness all the shenanigan . <br /> <br /> the story involve a huge cat name Murray , a bride-to-be who have sleep with every cabbie in NYC , a mean father-in-law , and a key . there be a lot of car chase and cop trail they path . all the element of a screwball comedy intact . <br /> <br /> Sir John Mills be see briefly . he share a glass of champagne with the lead and have the greatest apartment on the Upper West Side , complete with a rain forest and everything . <br /> <br /> compare to most Madonna movie -lrb- the one I have be able to tolerate anyway -rrb- , this be fantastic . on its own , its not that bad . 6/10 . <br /> <br /> PS the concert be lousy .
watch this little movie be a sheer delight from start to finish . the story be always entertaining , the tension never loose up . the whole cast be wonderful . the team of Walken and Bracco work to perfection , it be almost like a echo of a classic screwball romance . Bracco be very sexy and really funny as the scam artist who fight for she independence . for some reason they give Walken a very strange make up and the weirdest haircut I can imagine -- it be sort of a parody of the one Burt Lancaster have in Elmer Gantry . for I it add to the pleasure . it be the first movie I see Miguel Ferrer in , probably one of the most under-appreciated movie actor of he generation . he be very good in a small role as Bracco 's pimp . even the jamaican thug be a sight to behold . I can highly recommend this movie .
I love this movie . you can not buy it , rent it , or find it ... but it be a keeper . <br /> <br /> wonderful chemistry between Braccho and Walken ... and Ferrar ... <br /> <br /> Terrific non stop action and reaction ... love it . <br /> <br /> I have watch my pirate copy maybe 6 time in the last decade ... each time show it to someone who never hear of it . <br /> <br /> find this movie and watch it . <br /> <br /> so many film be on tv over and over again - without any of the wit and style of this little film . <br /> <br /> I do not know it be make for tv ... my copy be a 8 track I pirate year ago ... I hope it last .
a quite easy to watch tale of 2 thief , with that love/hate type relationship between they . Chrisopher Walken star and be very good as the silent rogue with a scam bigger than he be let on .
it be strange how the least known movie sometimes end up amongst the best you have see . this movie have all the element of a standard modern day thriller , gun , techno , baddy , cash , etc , and yet it stand out from you average Hollywood also-ran . I would credit this to two very charismatic people . Christopher Walken have a cool confidence and Lorraine Bracco be one of the warmest and sexiest woman I have ever see on screen . another major reason why this film stand out be coz the set shift to Jamaica after the beginning . the jamaican resort be so beautiful you 'll wish you be there sit by the pool at night , with a Run 'n' Coke ... I know I do . I be very glad I see this movie - it be just too nice to miss !
find this piece sandwich between a stale prequel and a rehashed 80s machomovie on a UPN affiliate 's midday Saturday program would be misleading . it deserve better and definitely use its talented lead ' best attribute to its maximum advantage . Bracco and Walken team to provide a movie that while perhaps predictable to those familiar with they genre , do the streetwise , ` troubled mind ' routine that they be so good at portray . for a chance to ride a psychological roller coaster a la Fuqua 's `` Training Day , '' dive back into the world of early '90s tv movie to find `` scam '' !
I be a huge fan of Harald Zwart , and I just know that I have to see this movie , even though I can not say I be a soccer fan . but watch this just fill my heart with joy , and I have a great time in the movie watch it . <br /> <br /> Bjørn fast nagell do a tremendous job direct this movie , and even though you notice the main character be new at act , they grow with the movie and make it what it be . even though it be suppose to be a soccer movie , there be surprisingly little soccer in it . the whole idea be to show the six guy make up the word n o r w a y on they trip to the World Cup in soccer playing in Germany this year . <br /> <br /> if you be only gon na see one norwegian movie this year , this be the one . .
this be a great movie ! it be a completely enjoyable adolescent fantasy . so what make a movie great ? Technical detail ? I think that if that be the sole criterion , we culture would be the poorer for it . so this movie be to `` the Godfather '' as new wave music be to Mozart . the point be , it be one of the best movie of it be type i have see . the woman be all beautiful -lrb- as be only see on California beach when movie be be make -rrb- . it have a little of everything , a kind of battlestar gallactica meet baywatch meet the playboy centerfold video meet Wayne 's World . there be plenty of charm and a reasonable -lrb- albeit predictable -rrb- storyline that keep you interested until the next bit of eye candy grace the screen . Joe Estevez may not have he brother career , but do a good job of bring focus to the story as the eternally adolescent Uncle Bud . contain plenty of expect absurdity such as female rock band playing without the guitar plug in . -lrb- be that intentional ? -rrb- if you be attract to the box , rent the video , you will not regret it . as be promise , it be good non-violent erotic fun !
be this a bad movie ? <br /> <br /> of course , what be you expect from a movie call `` BEACH BABES FROM BEYOND '' ? <br /> <br /> it be a `` babe in BIKINI '' movie and have no pretension of be otherwise . give , this be not `` a room with a view '' or `` SCHINDLER be list . '' if you want a film like `` a room with a View '' then you would not be look at Beach Babes from Beyond . but if you be look for a good babe in Bikini movie with almost no plot , this be the one for you . this flick deliver on what it promise and then some . it be pure 100 % adolescent fun . <br /> <br /> there be lot of babe in and out of bikini . the movie be quite funny and great to watch . these be some of the most beautiful woman I have ever see on home video . <br /> <br /> every high school kid should watch at least one bad movie like this . this be actually one of the most memorable movie I have ever see . so unashamedly , I say again ... if you be go to watch only one `` babe in Bikini '' movie , this be it .
I ` ve see this movie twice , both time on Cinemax . the first time in it ` s unrated version which be soft-core porn at it ` s best and the second time in a trim down -lrb- cut all the sex and most of the nudity out -rrb- version which be entertaining in a typical beach movie sort of way . the unrated version have a tremendous sex scene with Nikki Fritz , a dude and a bottle of oil which be out of this world -lrb- no pun intend -rrb- . unfortunately , in the trim version that scene be almost completely chop out , as be all the other sex scene . rate or unrated it be still fun to watch all the sibling of bigger star -lrb- Stallone , Sheen , Travolta , etc ;-rrb-_NN try to act . we also get appearance by b-queen Linnea Quigley and Burt Ward -lrb- Robin from the old Batman series -rrb- .
this be a cut above other movie of the genre : genuinely suspenseful , intelligent , brilliantly act and visually stunning . yes , the plot can be confusing - but that be partly what make it pack such a punch . watch it twice if you can . you 'll get almost as much out of watch it when you know the twist than you do from watch it the first time . <br /> <br /> do not be put off by the fact that this film come from Korea , a country not too familiar to most western audience . while there be element of the film that be culturally specific , the underlie theme be all too universal - guilt , anger , loss , madness and retribution . all of these be handle superbly by Lim Su-jeong as Su-mi , the lead character . also worthy of particular mention be Yum jung-ah , who deliver a deeply creepy and unsettling performance as the stepmother . <br /> <br /> while it have its scary moment , this be not really a horror flick as most people would imagine it . it be more a psychological suspense story with a element of mystery . it grip you from the start and will keep you guess until the end - and possibly beyond !
we open in a doctor room of some sort . a girl be escort to a seat across from the doctor . he ask she question . silence follow . he continue to ask question , ignore the girl obvious traumatise atmosphere . <br /> <br /> the story be about two girl who be take home , after spend some time in a mental home after a ` incident ' that happen before hand . they be greet on they arrival by they trying-way-too-hard-to-be-nice-but-so-totally-evil Stepmother , who the girl obviously hold resentment for . as time go on at home , the evil stepmother find new way to torment the girl . and , to top it all off , there be a vengeful ghost that be far from help the girl ' recovery ... <br /> <br /> this film be amazing . it have twist , turn , and definitely leave you a lot to think about without not make sense . the relationship between the two girl be so heartwarming , it almost make you cry at some point -lrb- I know I have a teary moment of two , specifically ` the cupboard scene ' -rrb- . but what I love most about this film be the total feeling of dread all the way through to the rolling credit . the soundtrack be faultless , the furnishings in the house , and the use of colour be fantastic . a pure joy for the eye . this be a definite must-see for all asian movie fanatic . or ANY sort of movie fan ! a easy 10/10 .
this be one of the best movie I have ever see ... <br /> <br /> it be so full of detail and every time you see it you 'll find new thing ... like then the father be in the shower but still only hear one voice , and when the girl flute , they can not do it at the same time cause then there would be two girl , and there be not . <br /> <br /> I have some problem find out , about in the middle of the movie they `` Uncle '' visit they , but why do he wife freak out ?!? else a fantastic movie . !!! the best asian movie ever . <br /> <br /> I hope people will enjoy it . there have be so many movie , where the main character be skit-so -lrb- the machinist , secret window and so on -rrb- , but this movie be way better than they !!!
`` tale of two sister '' have to be one of the creepiest film I have see recently . in the end there be no actual supernatural element , despite what one be lead to expect throughout the film . the story seem to be about two sister , who , upon return to they father 's home after some sort of absence -lrb- later reveal to have be a stay in a mental institution -rrb- be force to deal with not only a seemingly schizophrenic and possibly bi-polar stepmother who lash out at the younger of the girl when the mood strike she and cheerfully tell they she be prepare a special dinner at another time. , but some presence as yet unexplained . it be later reveal that the younger sister be dead , and exist only in the troubled mind of she older sister , who be unable to save she , and she step-mother , who be callous enough to let she die . much about the specifics of the strange family be not reveal in the film , but it definitely leave a viewer with a creepy feeling and a nagging hint of confusion . definitely not light viewing ; watch this one when you really want to think about what you have see . it be a hell of a puzzler .
another asian horror movie pack with intense , and creepy moment . another asian horror trademark be the complexity of the plot , which be here as well . major spoiler warning ! <br /> <br /> the movie start pretty simple - two sister go to live with they dad and stepmother after be put in a mental institution after they mother hang herself . the sister seem very hostile towards they mother - especially the elder one - and they seem to ignore they father . all go smoothly until the mother lock the young sister in the wardrobe and the elder sister tell she father . then it hit you , `` you sister have be dead for year now '' it turn out the older sister be still not recover from the death of she mother and what we do not know be that the wardrobe the mother be hang in fell on the younger sister and kill she as well.as for the stepmother she be the alter ego of the older sister - reveal when the stepmother -lrb- actually the sister 's alter ego -rrb- be sit on a couch when the real stepmother walk in ! I hope it have be make clearer for confused asian horror fan out there . <br /> <br /> finally - my favourite scene be the scene where the father invite friend over for dinner and one of the friend start to choke which erupt into a panic attack . very creepy ! 7 out of 10
what can I say about this film that will not give you any preconceived notion when you see it ? very little . the plot have to do with the return from hospital of a teenage girl after she break down . what follow after that be the movie . it be one of the creepiest most mind blow film of the past several year . everything about the film be just slightly off center and leave you feel ill at ease well after the film have end . it be not a perfect film . the film have problem in its final half hour which make a already confusing story , even more confused . -lrb- if you have read any number of other comment here on imdb and elsewhere you 'll know that a great deal of time have be spend try to unlock what actually be go on -rrb- I be not sure what I actually think of this film beyond the fact that it scare I and disturb I in way that most well known horror film ever have . if you like horror , and do not mind not have everything clearly sum up I suggest you try this since it will more than likely make you skin crawl .
disgus as a asian horror , `` a tale of two sister '' be actually a complex character drive psychological drama , that engulf the viewer into the problem of a seemingly normal family . I be really surprise at the depth of this movie . Director Ji-woon Kim 's decision to focus more on tell a story rather than provide cheap scare , have prove a correct one . create one of the most ingenious new horror movie . <br /> <br /> `` a tale of two sister '' tel the story , as it be name suggest of two sister su-mi and the younger su-yeon , who after spend time in a mental institution return home to they father and apparently abusive stepmother . from then on we witness how the sister deal with they stepmother 's gradually rise aggression and erratic behavior . to say what would happen next would be to be spoil the entire experience . so I 'll just leave it at that . <br /> <br /> the plot be very tightly write . with the character nicely flesh out . ji-woon Kim 's focus on a small cast offer a much more detailed view on they and they relation to one another . furthermore each of the four main cast have a vastly different role and type of character . from the protective su-mi , the weaker su-yeon , the visibly uninterested father to the stepmother 's frantic and later deadly behavior . there be great sense of mystery , with a lot of the plot not reveal up into the end and even after that the movie still leave a great room for interpretation . even after watch it once , the viewer will be compel to see it at least once more so that he can gain a better understanding to it . <br /> <br /> the actor superbly fit they role . it be especially hard to create strong , emotional scene in psychological movie but it be a great joy when one succeed in create they and this be a prime example of such a feat . ji-woon Kim 's direction be slow pace and gripping , build up tension for the film 's horroresque scene . while few in number those moment be strong and quite frankly terrifying . the cinematography and score be top notch further help to establish a atmosphere fitting that of a psychological film . <br /> <br /> `` a tale of two sister '' be a demonstration how the horror genre be in fact so much more than a simple thrill ride . with it be strong focus on character and mystery this be one complex movie that could easily seduce you in watch it again and again just so that you can understand it better .
this be one of the few norwegian movie I actually look forward too see . it start of as a few commercial with a motley bunch at football match . then they make a movie out of it . the lead be not pro -lrb- and you can see that -rrb- but they still do a very good job and the movie all in all blow I away . <br /> <br /> Norway be know for make crappy movie -lrb- no offense -rrb- but I have a good feeling about this one . even thou I be not interested in football I want 2 see it . the story be a lot better than expect and the laugh just keep pile up . there be load of cameo from norwegian celebrity and player . the character be well portray and you feel for they . if you be ever GON NA see a NORWEGIAN movie . let it be THIS one !!!!
typically , a movie can have factor like `` arouse '' , `` good feel '' , `` sense of purpose '' , `` plot '' , etc. . there be always something that can be take out of movie , its just a matter of how compelling the reason be , for I to own it in my collection . ` tale of two sister '' , as they call it when it be release in my country , have tremendous feel and a eventually -lrb- mostly -rrb- self-explaining plot . i love horror movie that revolve around a house . title that come to mind be `` the other '' , `` the haunting '' , `` the haunting of Hell House '' . this movie will be a another great example that i will remember . the movie have extremely rich colour , in the way the house be decorate , in the clothes that the character wear , in the open-skied daylight scene that be in contrast to most horror movie , which , typically make use of desaturated tone and gloomy environs -lrb- think Honogurai mizu no soko kara , dark water , which be another show i like -rrb- that give this film a sense of aesthetics and joy when it be not in its , more , grip moment . the character be extremely believable . this may be partly attribute to the familiar setting of this movie . maybe domestic issue be easier for both myself as well as the actor to identify with , and the actor become they character with exceptional finesse . the director toy with timeline , in order to give the audience the story in bit and piece , allow they to come to they own term of interpretation , instead of present everything in a linear fashion . this be a positive aspect of this film , in my opinion , and , perhaps , it be my interpretation of this movie that allow I to find it enjoyable . i would definitely look out for this on dvd .
I must say I be a avid horror movie fan , and currently I can not get enough of foreign horror . since US horror really depend too much on gore . <br /> <br /> this movie be fantastic . this movie remind I a lot of M. Night 's SIXTH SENSE . the way the film be direct be great . the director take he time to set everything up . it take about a good 40 min just to set the movie up into a horror movie . I think the movie be just a drama . this movie just build up and the pay off be not too much . <br /> <br /> I have never do this before , but this be the main reason I like the movie ... I actually scream out loud because one scene just startle the hell out of I ... which be kinda pathetic ... but for a film to do that , it be great .
the idea be not original ... if you have see such kind of story before , you would know what the end would come out after watch for the first twenty minute ... the script , the positioning of the actor and the screening be too obvious ... if you have not see such story before , it be definitely a good experience , you will enjoy the twist at the end ... do not forget to watch it again after you know the `` truth '' , you will even more enjoy the plot ... even though I have a right guess at the very begin , I still could not help stick on my seat till the end ... <br /> <br /> conclusion : a must see !! this one from Korea be better than any recent movie of the genre from Japan ... forget Hollywood ! <br /> <br /> do not miss it !!
if you consider yourself a horror movie fan , chance be you have see Hideo Nakata 's ring and dark water . they be superb , and ring 's make its way smoothly into Hollywood -lrb- maybe dark water will be adapt soon too ? -rrb- . while ring be almost 100 % pure heart pound and nerve breaking , a tale of two sister be both nerve breaking and mind twist . <br /> <br /> along with the other I consider this korean flick a brilliant and smart end horror movie . the only flaw this movie have be some consider its first 20 minute rather slow . it be actually typical with korean and japanese movie . I consider it carefully plan rather than slow , think of it as `` calm moment before the storm '' . with thorough introduction of character , imho viewer will get involve more intimately with the character , one of korean and japanese movie strongest point . <br /> <br /> like ring , a tale of two sister do not overdo ghastly appearance . rather they let we mind do the intimidating job itself . that way it be scarrier and horrifyingly classy at the same time . I will not be surprise if Hollywood remake this movie after bring ring and grudge/ju-on over -lrb- this flick be not that good by the way , i rate it 5.5 -rrb- . do not miss it !
to most of we , life be a unfold process of love . for other like soo-mi , however , it be dominate by darkness and fear . base on the korean folk tale jangha and hongryun , Kim Ji-woon 's brilliant gothic horror story a tale of two sister revolve around two sister , soo-mi -lrb- lim su-jeong -rrb- , and soo-yeon -lrb- mun geon-yeong -rrb- , who be part of a dysfunctional family that live together in a creepy victorian-style mansion . feel alienate from the world , they cling to each other for survival with the older soo-mi obsessively protect the younger soo-yeon against danger . for soo-mi , however , not come to term with the circumstance surround she mother 's death mean mental illness and a mind at odds with reality . <br /> <br /> while we may recognize staple such as haunt house with apparitional sighting , door that open and close on they own , a cruel and overbearing stepmother , and other event of high strangeness , a tale of two sister superbly explore deeper psychological meaning include the inability to let go of inner demon and the misplace desire for revenge . soo-mi say `` do you know what be really scary ? you want to forget something . totally wipe it off you mind . but you never can . it can not go away , you see . and ... and it follow you around like a ghost . '' there be a time line but it be leave for the viewer to unravel . the plot can not be summarize , only suggest and the film keep we wonder whether what be happen on screen be objective or subjective . <br /> <br /> in the film 's opening , soo-mi , a obviously disturbed young woman , be be question by a doctor in a setting that look like a mental institution . when the doctor ask she to describe what happen `` that day '' , the film flash back to when soo-mi and soo-yeon return to the home of they father moo-hyeon -lrb- Kim kap-su -rrb- and stepmother eun-joo -lrb- yum jung-ah -rrb- . the stepmother be hostile and resentful and the father be passive and distant but it be obvious that it be soo-mi who be really hurt . as the girl try to readjust , they be constantly frighten by a presence in the house , which may be nightmare or supernatural occurrence . <br /> <br /> soo-mi see a figure at the foot of she bed that hover over she and ooze black blood , a dinner scene in which the guest apparently see a ghost hide under the sink and go into convulsion , a monster emerge from between the leg of one of the sister , people mysteriously disappear from photograph , and many other maniacal schizophrenic device to keep the viewer dangle on the edge of insanity . while we sense that much of the story be the projection of someone 's mind , we do not know whose and the film keep we constantly challenge , at least until a important clue be offer in the film 's second half . <br /> <br /> shot in gorgeous low-light cinematography , a tale of two sister have a unique elegance and other worldly beauty that transcend all the scare , and there be plenty . it be haunt in more than one sense of the word and its image may stare back at you when you least expect or want they to . while the film may not offer the weary traveler much in the way of light , it show we where we can end up if we opt for the darkness . in the word of a wise observer , `` Blame be never the answer - whether it be blame yourself or other . rather , the answer lie in step out of judgment entirely - both of yourself and other . Forgiveness and understand have great power of healing . ''
three word : piece of Art . this film be just great . it be beautiful , sad , frightening and thought-provoking at the same time . the score constantly stay in my head , the acting be wonderful the scenery scary and beautiful at the same time . <br /> <br /> it be more by chance than on purpose that I see this movie . at the time I decide to watch this movie I be just bore and read list of asian film , which maybe good . well , I see the title `` a tale of two sister '' which sound very interesting . then I read the summary of the plot and decide `` you do not just watch this film , you have get ta buy it '' . Said , do . I buy this film and be hook from the very first minute . <br /> <br /> the plot keep I interested from the begin till the end ; the twist near the end of the film make I scream . I really do not see something like this come . and the end scene make I cry ... it just make I cry . it be so sad . <br /> <br /> Well , I recommend this film to anyone who want to see a film that combine a interesting plot , with scary scene and atmosphere . although you should be aware of the fact that the end be , as I mention before , a very sad one . but this just fit in the mood of the film , do not it ?
if there be such a thing as beautiful horror , this film be one of the best in this genre . it be a horror movie , which despite not be void of gore scene rely more on psychology and masterful building of the tension in order to create thrill . and it be one of those movie so beautifully film , where each scene be a full world of symbol and detail , all serve the scope and genre that it can be call but beautiful . <br /> <br /> it be not a easy story , with two sister return to they father and step-mother mansion after have spend some time in a psychiatric institution . they cope hardly with the death of they mother and they try to protect a world of theirs , defend they against the adult world . so the film seem to be at its most external layer . actually the film slowly evolve to something very different , at slow pace , but no frame be lose to convey the sense of thrilling beauty , so I will not say much more . watch it , it be one of the best in the genre of Far East horror film that conquer recently the world cinema and it really show that they succeed to do it for good reason .
let I just say - I love the horror genre to the extent that I see every single one that I can get my hand on regardless -lrb- except really low quality b-movie horror which I could do without -rrb- and recently have become a big fan of Eastern horror . little do I know that a korean horror would be the one that top my list beat off heavyweight such as the japanese ringu -lrb- or the american ring -rrb- , or even quality US movie such as the Sixth sense and the other , and the widely acclaimed Hong Kong horror ` the Eye ' . <br /> <br /> previously ` the ring ' have stand as my favourite horror but it seem to I that I prefer the beauty of ` the tale of two sister ' any day - the story be extraordinary and rather open to interpretation thus allow repeat viewing although chance be you 'll want to watch this again and again just because the movie be so masterfully shoot ... the story be likely one of the best in the genre to date . the acting be top notch too from the entire cast and the scare when they come have the potential to rattle you like anything within the ring - I do find myself glue to the screen at those point unable to take my eye off . <br /> <br /> still I be glad it do not come back to haunt I later that Sadako/Samara do from the ring - after all such feeling be unpleasant and the tale of two sister leave you with a uneasy feeling , but one that hopefully will not leave you without sleep but leave you satisfy that you have see something quite special . but do remember . . if you do not understand the plot after the first viewing , a repeat viewing be more than advise . . I personally do not have time for this since it be late so I flick through scene on the dvd , some numerous time until I have a good synopsis in my head and after look on the net , seem Ihad pretty much nail it on the widely agree interpretation . and the satisfaction from solve a puzzle like that be wonderful . <br /> <br /> all in all - a masterfully craft horror that be unlikely to produce the same ` level ' remake -lrb- its be purchase by Dreamworks -rrb- simply because of the korean content and everyone be advise to catch this in the theater or on dvd while they can ... its one of the best you will get . unfortunately due to the type of movie this be , there be no way to even talk about the story without spoiler so its best to do what I do - watch it without know a single thing except its ' a tale of two sister ' ! and be prepare for something that be unlikely to be match for some time .
this movie certainly deserve to be place within the genre of horror , but not for obvious reason . the horror of `` a tale of two sister '' lie not with sudden shock or large helping of cgus gut and gore ; it be a psychological horror movie which pique the viewer 's curiosity from the start and build a suspenseful aura of mystery and question throughout . best of all , the end do not provide a clear answer , push the viewer to analyse what they have see and make up they own mind about what really take place . <br /> <br /> do not be put off by the seemingly slow pace at which the movie begin , and do not expect to be jump out of you seat immediately . this be not the conventional hack-and-slash movie with orchestral sting design to make you scare of nothing in particular . `` a tale of two sister '' slowly build a atmosphere of terror , a terror of the unknown and a fear of thing which evade explanation until the very end . even when the final conclusion be reveal , it be not so heavy-handed and obvious as to make the entire film fall neatly into place . the movie require its viewer to reflect back on what they have see and to try and square this with the frightening revelation of the final scene . some thing will still be open to interpretation , and this be one of the joy of watch a film such as this . <br /> <br /> the true fear of `` a tale of two sister '' lie not in shock or conspicuous scare ; it be a psychological , gut-wrenching horror that defy convention and expand a genre to proportion hitherto unexplored by the traditional horror film . it be no exaggeration to say that this film stand apart even from the so-called ` asian horror ' genre . indeed , it would be a mistake to align `` a tale of two sister '' with film like `` Ringu '' and `` the Grudge '' . this movie can be understand from a variety of standpoint , some require no suspension of credulity , other embrace the supernatural wholeheartedly . <br /> <br /> Whichever way you choose to interpret this film , it be one that demand a open-minded approach , rewarding viewer regardless of they preconceived notion on asian cinema or horror in general .
every high praise word fall way short before the height of this movie . this movie be the true example of how a psychological horror movie should be . <br /> <br /> the plot seem to be a bit confusing at first viewing but it will definitely explain a bit about what be go on and you really want to view it for the second time . but after second view you will start to join the piece together and then you will know how amazing a movie can be . <br /> <br /> a word of advice for slasher flick fan stay away from this movie . this be not you dumb ass teenage slasher movie , in which you just switch off you brain and sit in front of the screen just to see big b ** b and lot of blood . <br /> <br /> if you want to heighten the psychological horror factor of this movie then watch it all alone with a great home theater system that support Dolby Digital or DTS 5.1 ch , without any of you ill mannered friend that crack joke on a really tense situation . and do not forget to switch the light off . <br /> <br /> my point on different aspect : - <br /> <br /> direction = 9/10 acting = 8/10 atmosphere = 10/10 sound effect = 9/10 <br /> <br /> total = 9/10
I hate football !! I hate football fan ! I hate car ! but this film be the funniest thing I have see in quite some time . <br /> <br /> I be give the great opportunity to see this film at the weekend , and all I have to say be I laugh till I cry , and when be it go to be available in the UK and Denmark . girl , this be one football film you will need to see , its hilarious ! <br /> <br /> the fact that this film start out as some crazy commercial for a telephone company be just amazing , the guy may not be well know actor , but this be good down to earth real humour , with real people , and I for one applaud they for take this to the screen . <br /> <br /> well done !
the finest short I have ever see . some commentator suggest it might have be lengthen , due to the density of insight it offer . there be irony in that comment and little merit . the acting be all up to Noonan and he carry he thankless character perfectly . I might have prefer that the narrator be less `` recognizable '' , but the gravitas lend be pitch perfect . this be a short for people who read , for those whose `` bar '' be set high and for those who recognize that living in a culture that celebrate stupidity and banality can forge contrary and bitter defender of beauty . a beautiful short film . fwiw : I be please at the Picasso reference , since I once believe that Picasso be just another art whore with little talent ; like , I assume , most people - until the day i see some drawing he make when he be 12 . Picasso be a finer draftsman and a brilliant artist at that age than many artist will ever become in a lifetime . I understand immediately why he have to make the art he become know for .
many horror fan complain that horror have scarcely progress in the last twenty year . I be incline to agree with this until the influx of asian horror film , a trend which have admittedly grow dull . however , it have produce some true classic , and a tale of two sister , for I at least , stand out as a exceptional piece of cinema , and perhaps the best horror film in a very long time . <br /> <br /> base vaguely on a korean folktale , it tell the sad story of two mentally-troubled sister reside with they father and stepmother . after experience a few problem on they first night back at home , they determine to stick together and deny they stepmother access to they close relationship . the tension rise and there be the inevitable snap . but what happen after this require more than a pair of eye , as the story take several twist , and the scare become more emotional and quite real . by the end , you may need a few moment to absorb it all and piece it together in you own mind , but it be exactly this pairing of horror and mystery that push it beyond the definition of these genre and make it a instant classic . one to watch again and again , if only to work it all out .
this be not so much a review of a tale of two sister as it be a discussion of some of the smaller plot detail , so I advise you not to read this review if you have not see the film , because do so will absolutely ruin a few surprise for you . <br /> <br /> in a way a tale of two sister be far from original , at least from a purely superficial aspect - some of its iconography be take straight from ring or dark water , while the storyline itself -lrb- especially what Brendt Sponseller call the `` rubber reality '' aspect of the narrative -rrb- be reminiscent of film like fight Club -lrb- lead character interact with someone create in they mind -rrb- , Mulholland Drive -lrb- character create alternate reality in a psychogenic fugue -rrb- , as well as other minor aspect of Lost Highway , Jacob 's Ladder , and basically every film under the sun deal with mental illness , plus Amenabar 's film -lrb- the other , Abre Los Ojos -rrb- , Memento -lrb- particularly with regard to the torturous nature of memory -rrb- , et al. . thankfully all these similarity do not detract from the film 's overall emotional impact , and I personally find a tale of two sister a extremely move and reward experience . <br /> <br /> many people have comment on the `` confusing '' nature of the narrative , but I personally find the storyline to be fairly self-explanatory , even if it be in part portray in a non-sequential manner . the narrative only become confusing for some because , midway through the final third , the story switch from a purely subjective setting -lrb- ie . soo-mi 's warped perception of reality -rrb- to a objective one , with a flashback at the end explain the origin of soo-mi 's nervous breakdown and subsequent mental illness . the shift in emphasis be bind to throw some people off guard , but structurally I find it somewhat reminiscent of aforementioned Mulholland Drive -lrb- even though we be not deal with a character 's perception of reality via a dream but instead they own schizophrenic tendency - something which , in turn , remind I of another Lynch movie , Lost Highway -rrb- . to be honest , I do not really regard a tale of two sister as a Horror movie as such , but rather a tragic story of a family 's breakdown as well as a honest look at a character 's mental illness -lrb- and I hasten to add that fan of psychoanalytical cinema be go to love this film -rrb- . <br /> <br /> that aside , the cinematography in a tale of two sister be incredible and visually this be one of the most beautiful film I have see this side of Wong Kar Wai 's 2046 . the performance be also fantastic without exception , and I expect to see more of the four lead actor in the future ; not to mention the music , but then east asian film without a great soundtrack seem to be few and far between these day . <br /> <br /> it be very likely that some people will look past the finer artistic point of a tale of two sister and simply dismiss it as `` yet another asian horror film '' , oblivious to its aesthetic beauty and honest psychoanalytical approach . but then each to they own . if you can ignore some of the film 's platitudinous aspect and simply take it for what it be at heart , ie . a extremely tragic , heart-breaking story , then I see no reason not to recommend it .
I watch many movie , but presently my genre number one be asian horror . I have just buy this dvd and I initially find `` Janghwa , Hongryeon '' a intriguing but confused film , since I have not understand many part of the story . but I see in IMDb Board a message title `` explanation of a Masterpiece -lrb- all you question answer -rrb- faster load '' , write by opiemar , and I be really impressed with the high quality of the explanation this user provide to viewer like I that miss point of the story . I would like to congratulate opiemar for he excellent work and suggest he to write a correct summary of this movie in IMDb to help and guide other viewer . <br /> <br /> in the end , I agree that `` Janghwa , Hongryeon '' be a great korean film , but I do not give ten in my vote because very few people can afford to see the same movie more than once , like this film demand , and without the great support of opiemar , I would not be able to understand the story as a whole . I intend to see this movie again in a near future . my vote be eight . <br /> <br /> title -lrb- Brazil -rrb- : `` Medo '' -lrb- `` fear '' -rrb-
two sister , su-mi -lrb- im soo-jung -rrb- and su-yeon -lrb- moon geun-young -rrb- return home with they father -lrb- Kim gap-soo -rrb- . eun-joo -lrb- YEOM jeong-ah -rrb- welcome they but Su-mi 's manner be bitter to she . su-mi hate eun-joo because the father let she act like the house wife after the sister ' mother die . see she attitude , eun-joo be get to treat the sister coldly and there grow a tense atmosphere among they . <br /> <br /> as if call in by the atmosphere , series of mysterious thing occur in the house . when su-mi be hang she dress in she wardrobe , there have be already hang a lot of dress of the same design . when she put she diary into a drawer , she find another diary of the same kind there . when she be sleep in she bed with scared su-yeon , a nightmare awake she and she find a woman standing on she -- and a hand dangle out of the woman 's skirt ! <br /> <br /> mysterious thing occur to the other people , too . on the evening of next weekend , eun-joo 's brother and he wife visit the family and they have a dinner together . eun-joo cheerfully talk about a crazy man she meet when she be a child , but nobody be interested in she talk . she say the crazy man annoy the brother , but he say he do not know anything about the man . <br /> <br /> listen to they talk , the brother 's wife have a panic . <br /> <br /> after the dinner , the conflict between eun-joo and the sister become at its worst . eun-joo pull su-yeon into a wardrobe and lock she in it . su-mi save the crying-out sister and complain to they father what Eun-joo have do to he daughter . but he response be unexpected . `` give I a break . '' say he angrily , `` su-mi , please . do not make I tire any more . '' <br /> <br /> and the follow word out of the father 's mouth be more shocking than what they have see in the house . <br /> <br /> to tell the truth , I hate horror movie . although I seat myself at a theater because my intuition tell I the movie be something different , I be regret what my curiosity have make I act when it start show . the regret , however , have change into joy for expectation ten minute later . <br /> <br /> this film be a tragic mystery more than a horror -- painful more than horrible ; beautiful more than sensational . that may have a hard core horror fan disappointed , but for a mystery fan like I , this film be a must see . -lrb- 9 out of 10 -rrb-
I first see this film two year ago in the cinema , and fall in love with this dark tale of two brooding teenage sister cope at home in they large country house with they father and step-mother . they relationship with they step-mother be strain to say the least , with the step-mother appear to be increasingly become unstable in she battle with the younger girl . the film though slant with oriental style ghost effect and horror , which add a strange and unsettling aspect to the story that on first viewing be not clear , but be all the more intriguing . <br /> <br /> the direction be incredibly good , and the acting be stunning , with the step-mother in particular incredibly good swinging from one mood style to another in the film . the large house add eeriness , and there be enough point in the film where you will jump out of you seat . this film to I clearly show why korean cinema be possibly the best most original in the world at the moment . you simply do not get anything like this in the Western World , sadly , and really i can see it be influential on film maker around the world in the next decade . <br /> <br /> highly recommend viewing in my opinion , a real joy and scare ...
I just see `` a tale of two sister '' last night and really enjoy it . I have be a big fan of asian horror film recently and think that this be a strong entry from South Korea . there be not many jump out at you scare as in the usual american horror film , but the director do maintain the off-kilter and foreboding mood very well , especially in the awkward character interaction with each other . most of the scare be more conceptual and play on everyone 's `` there be something under the bed '' fear from when they be a child , but in this case , it be the closet and the sink . I also like how the director be able to capture just how dysfunctional this household be through scene such as the first dinner that the character have together . he be also good at reveal people 's inner life and fragility through simple scene such as the stepmother wipe off she make-up in the mirror or she sit in front of the flicker tv . I think this film be mainly a exploration of guilt and the consequence of live with that guilt hang over you . <br /> <br /> MAJOR SPOILERS AHEAD -lrb- DO NOT READ ANY FURTHER if you do not want the twist of the movie reveal -rrb- I be follow the story pretty well , but do start get confuse during the bag drag part . however , I think the flashback at the end definitely tie everything together . the film be very much like `` the machinist '' in the way two of the character 's joint guilt eventually lead to mental breakdown and delusion . <br /> <br /> here be my interpretation of the film . the Su-Yeon that we see after the girl suppose return to the house be either the delusion of su-mi or the actual ghost of Su-Yeon that only su-mi can see and interact with . the initial stepmother that we see be , in my opinion a delusion of su-mi . there be a real stepmother , however , and she first appear in the film when she be wear the gray pantsuit . I believe it be the real stepmother that the father be talk to on the phone throughout the first part of the movie and she do not appear until he pick she up and bring she to the house . the stepmother before that point be imagine by su-mi -lrb- perhaps part of she split personality ? -rrb- that explain the bizarre dinner party sequence when the stepmother 's brother look at she like she be crazy and do not remember anything that she recount . I think it be su-mi act out she stepmother part of she split personality . the film show this later in the bag drag scene and scene such as the stepmother wipe she make-up in the mirror , which be reveal later to actually be su-mi wipe she make-up in the mirror . <br /> <br /> I think the ghost in the house be not entirely imagine by su-mi , and be either of su-yeon or the mother or both . in the final flashback , it be reveal the Su-Yeon be wear the green dress and have the hairpin in she hair when she die . this be the green dress that they show before on the ghost sit at the dining room table while the stepmother be look under the sink . also , it be the hairpin that Su-Yeon be wear in the flashback that appear on the floor when the stepmother be look under the sink . <br /> <br /> the real stepmother , in the end , get punish by the ghost of Su-Yeon who come for in a scene a little bit like the ring . after that , the flashback scene tie it all together in term of how both the stepmother be mainly responsible for she death , while su-mi unintentionally play a support role . <br /> <br /> I wonder if the `` mother '' that Su-Yeon see when she go up to she room to cry , in the flashback , be a ghost already . perhaps by that point the mother have already kill herself in the closet . that be left ambiguous . <br /> <br /> other thing that be suggest , but not clearly explain in the film be that it seem like the stepmother , at some point , be a nurse , perhaps take care of the mother and somehow may have contribute to she death too . it be not clear when she relationship with the father begin and whether it cause the mother to kill herself . it be also suggest that the mother have mental issue too , require a nurse . the stepmother allude to this when she tell Su-Mi , you be begin to take after you mother . I do not think she mean just physically . <br /> <br /> also , if we accept that the initial stepmother that we see be actually su-mi , then there be the suggestion of incest too , since the father sleep with she . be that why su-mi freak out and shout , `` do not touch I '' each time the father reach for she in a later scene ? be that the `` filthy thing that you have do '' that she allude to in a later conversation with the father ? this film be interesting in it be capacity for different interpretation . a few of the scene , however , be kind of derivative , such as the woman in the black crawl around scene , which remind I of the herky-jerky movement of Kayako in the ju-on/the grudge film . also , the final scene where the stepmother finally get she just dessert be reminiscent of the ring . furthermore , just the idea that some character may be ghost be take from `` the Sixth sense '' or `` the other '' . <br /> <br /> overall , I enjoy it , however , and it will be interesting to see how the Hollywood remake -lrb- that be already in production -rrb- turn out . I have to be honest , I like both `` the ring '' and `` the Grudge '' , so I be not one of those snooty type who insist that remake can not be good too . one remake that I be really excite about be `` dark water '' come out this summer . I have not see the original japanese version yet , but both film be definitely on my to-see list .
this review be long overdue , since I consider a tale of two sister to be the single greatest film ever make . I 'll put this gem up against any movie in term of screenplay , cinematography , act , post-production , editing , direct , or any other aspect of film-making . it be practically perfect in all of they -- a true masterpiece in a sea of faux `` masterpiece . '' <br /> <br /> the structure of this film be easily the most tightly construct in the history of cinema . I can think of no other film where something vitally important occur every other minute . quite literally , ji-woon Kim seem to have make a movie that practically taunt the viewer to dissect it on the most detailed of level . a seemingly insignificant object may be show -- a rack of dress , two diary , a drop of blood emanate from a floor crack , a bottle of pill , etc. -- but upon meticulous inspection turn out to be so much more -- a clue that help to make sense of that particular scene -lrb- or perhaps the movie in total -rrb- , which almost always contribute a stir reflection upon the psychological concept that lurk in the background until the viewer 's intelligence prompt they to spring to the forefront . such a event might occur a handful of time during any other movie , but in a tale of two sister such event occur in such a rapid-fire , relentless fashion that the viewer must watch the film in a perpetual state of alertness , lest they miss something important . in other word , the content level of this film be enough to easily fill a dozen other film . how can anyone in they right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this ? it be quite simply the highest , most superlative form of cinema imaginable . <br /> <br /> the most commonly cite criticism of a tale of two sister be nicely summarize by zaphod b Goode , who falsely claim that the story be a incoherent , unresolved mess that use confusion to instill a false sense of intelligence because it do not provide a final set of fact underlie the intriguing question . he posit that Ji-woon Kim toss up a dozen possible explanation and leave it at that . in reality , however , nothing could be further from the truth . a tale of two sister provide a series of unassailably objective fact that help the viewer to identify the exact occurrence of each and every scene of the film . if we good friend Zaphod have be pay attention , he would have notice -- for example -- the series of obvious flashback which provide enough factual information to make sense of the film . these flashback convincingly contradict Zaphod 's assertion of complete subjectivity . the objective element of a tale of two sister be so obvious to anyone willing to see they that the mere assertion of a lack of objectivity can only call into question the patience of a viewer who apparently do not want to put forth even the slightest effort whatsoever to see they . can Ji-woon Kim really be fault for the impatience of viewer who lack the desire to understand he film ? I think not . <br /> <br /> please note that I will not insult the intelligence of critic such as Zaphod that can not `` get '' a tale of two sister , because it really have nothing to do with a lack of intelligence as much as a lack of persistence . the movie spell itself out so effectively that the only possible explanation for confusion be a lack of effort on the part of the viewer . yes , this film do require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving , but the piece fit together to create a beautiful picture . you need only put they together . remember , the screenplay be write by someone with the picture already in mind -- he simply separate the piece and place they skillfully throughout for the purpose of provide a magnificent cerebral exercise that -- when complete -- bestow a ultimate form of satisfaction and state of awe . <br /> <br /> do not misunderstand I . there be film that seem to start with a incomplete picture and try to create a puzzle that be insoluble by design . Spider Forest -lrb- 2004 -rrb- , Perfect Blue -lrb- 1998 -rrb- and Donnie Darko -lrb- 2001 -rrb- be perfect example of this . a tale of two sister be not . it be ironic that Zaphod claim Darko to be more masterfully construct than a tale of two sister , especially consider that Darko not only provide almost no objective fact but also a twist end that be the quintessential deus ex machina cliché that could be drop at the end of any movie ever make in order to provide the ultimate in faux intelligence . I be ashamed of myself for mention the two film in the same sentence , but the contrast be a important one . although it do perplex I that Zaphod would cite a movie that crumble when expose to even the slightest intellectual effort as a way of criticize a film that only become discernible thru a significant application of intellectual effort . he apparently like he `` intelligent '' film in the most superficial form possible . this be evident when he make 17 consecutive question in he review that be answer quite convincingly by the film itself . just read the thread by opiemar within the imdb a tale of two sister Discussion Forum . anyone who carefully read those thread and still assert a lack of a objective solution to this film may as well stop watch intelligent film altogether because the answer be so damned OBVIOUS . <br /> <br /> I would like to say more , but I have come to my 1,000 word limit . all that have be say here need to be say . so be it now say !
I love horror film , but I think they work way better when they hide a dramatic impact behind -lrb- the Devil 's Backbone , the Exorcist , for example -rrb- . this be that kind of film , and it be not only eerie and terrifying when it have to be , it be also really beautiful . a tale of two sister start really slow , so if you be in a hurry to see ghost in the first 20 minute you will be disappoint . actually this be not a ghost story -- though there be some . it be something more complex , and it be do in such a way that it beat Ringu and the grudge out of the ring no sweat . a tale ... be a way more clever film than those huge cultural hit , because it really care for its character , and the direction be flawless . every detail in this film will leave you breathless if you be the kind of person who love to pay attention to detail while watch a movie . the acting be superb , specially from the stepmother and the main girl . those two be worth the price of the ticket alone . do yourself a favor and watch this awesome film .
perhaps I be one of the only avid horror fan who think that the recent overload of asian shocker be so over-hyped ! film like `` Ringu '' or the `` The Eye '' -- which be praise all over the world -- simply do not convince I and they look more boring than frightening . well , this blunt opinion do not go for the south korean gem `` a tale of two sister '' . this be a stylish and utterly complex psychological terror-tale that really get under you skin ! the plot , base on a local folklore tale , might be a little too confusing to get this film list among the all-time greatest genre achievement , but the atmosphere and tension-building surely provoke feeling of great respect . this be one of those few film that be impossible to label : the event in `` two sister '' qualify as mind-bending horror as well as intense family drama and a deeply psychological portrait . besides a mesmerizing story , `` a tale of two sister '' also have all the great element that I feel be usually miss in asian horror film like compelling music , good acting and innovative camera-work . the mansion be the family event take place be brilliantly illustrate like a truly creepy place where secret and danger lurk behind every door . several sequence -lrb- like the dinner with relative or the nightly appearance in the girl ' room -rrb- be pretty much the ultimate in eeriness . they really make I feel uncomfortable and I do like to believe that I have see my share of spooky horror . `` a tale of two sister '' be a terrific movie-adventure and a definite must see for asian film fanatic . a little warning for people with a short attention-span , though : this movie force you to have you eye and ear focus at at all time . it be also a film that require repeat viewing , even though no one will never really `` get it '' for a full 100 % .
the Beauty . the terror . the Poetry . the Horror . the innocence . the guilt . <br /> <br /> maybe that be just about all I should write in this comment for a tale of two sister . the best thing be to just watch this movie without know anything about it . I myself do not even know one single thing about the history of the two girl when I go into this movie . I just take a look at the nice cover-art , do not even read the synopsis on the back and pop it into dvd-player . I only know that it win several price on festival around the world and that it come highly recommend . <br /> <br /> the dvd-cover read `` the most frightening Film since the ring , the grudge and dark water '' . though the frightening-part might be right , you can forget about the rest , because the only thing a tale of two sister have in common with those movie be ... a ghostly apparition with long black hair . it be even a bit unfair to compare it with those famous japanese movie , because this korean movie have a lot more to offer and be in fact a bit more complicated and intelligent than those other . <br /> <br /> this movie simply be a small masterpiece , and here be some reason -lrb- without tell anything about the plot -rrb- : the movie itself catch I off guard at least two time with clever surprise-twist . and just when you think you have have the conclusion -lrb- whether you get it or not , that be irrelevant for the moment -rrb- and you think the movie will end ... this movie go on a bit longer . the cinematography be amazing , use bright color during the day and dark shades at night . the camera-work be excellent with the director sometimes choose impressive , if not , innovate angle . some shot be pure poetry -lrb- e.g. the top-shot with the two sister at the lake -rrb- . it all look very stylish . there be only four main character , but the intrigue surround they be intense . the story itself start a bit slow , but there be a lot of variety in tone and emotion to keep it interesting . there be even one scene -lrb- when the girl take off towards the lake -rrb- that suddenly have I remember Peter Jackson 's heavenly creature . but when the horror kick in , it be quite effective . there be also a few successful surprise-scare in it . Damn , I jump right up from my sofa . the musical score be great , and at time when it be not suppose to be scary , I could not help but notice that it have sort of a italian feeling to it . a bit strange for a korean movie . but nevertheless , a great score . so much care go into every detail of this film , include a perfectly balanced surround sound . <br /> <br /> i also think that call a tale of two sister just a horror movie be give it not enough credit . it be more a mysterious horror-drama that work both on a psychological and supernatural level . no matter how you look at it , this be asian horror that rank way up there amongst the finest . it might not be gory , but it get pretty scary at time and the subject matter be pretty disturb . so if you have not see it yet , then find a copy , pop it into you dvd-player , go with the flow and make sure you give this movie you full attention for it be 110 minute run time . <br /> <br /> there , I hope I do a good job praise it without spoil anything .
Hehehe . this be one of the best funny road movie ever ! I laugh so I fall out of the chair . with many norwegian and foreign celebrity play themselves . Harald Zwart be the producer , know for film like Agent Cody bank and of course one night at McCool 's . <br /> <br /> it be about norwegian crazy fan , go to the world cup in Soccer in Germany 2006 . and all sort of crazy fun that come with it . it be hilarious . I could not stop laugh . I have not have so much fun in age . rumor say it will come a number two , but I do not know . it will be hard beating this one . <br /> <br /> recommend to everyone ! it be a must see film . I be suppose to see it at the cinema , but I have work at the time it where show . and be try to rent it for a month , but all the time rent out . get it today on dvd . well worth it .
`` a tale of two sister '' be a brilliant south korean psychological horror that leave I speechless.the film offer some delicious moment of ghastly horror and be extremely creepy.the small cast of actor be truly excellent , with lead im soo-jung be especially memorable in the lead role.the direction by Kim ji-woon be well-handled and the cinematography be absolutely gorgeous.the plot be slightly confusing , but some scene be wonderfully eerie.the action be rather slow , but I be not bore in the slightest ; I be extremely curious and intrigued.the house , where the film take place look incredibly menacing and isolate . `` a tale of two sister '' be along with `` Ringu '' and `` Kairo '' one of the most original asian horror film I have ever seen.Watch this masterpiece as soon as possible.My rating :10 out of 10 .
the recent history of Hollywood remake of ghost/horror film from the East have be dismal . this film will inevitably suffer the same fate , so get a copy on e-bay or similar . <br /> <br /> it be well photographed and the sound be superb . view on a good screen and with a good 5.1 or dt enable sound system be recommend . obviously it be subtitle , so if that put you off , then I would not bother with this . dub rarely work and simply would not do here . <br /> <br /> it be also genuinely frightening , with excellent performance from a cast who will be unfamiliar to western audience . I would particularly single out the stepmother character , who be utterly brilliant . the end will have you want to watch it again , if you can cope . the plot be relentless , and offer no comforting moment of release along the way . <br /> <br /> if I do have a small criticism , there be perhaps a detectable influence in certain scene from the japanese version of the ring . we have , however , accept straight copy of other people ' idea for western film for year , and so my point be a limited one which do not prevent I from give it 10/10 . I believe most fan of this genre will derive huge `` pleasure '' from this film which I for one hope go down as a classic .
' a tale of two sister ' , or ` Janghwa , Hongryeon ' , be a true masterpiece . brilliant psychological thriller , heart-wrenching drama , and gripping horror all wrap up in one beautifully orchestrate package . from the intricate plot , to the beautiful cinematography , to the absolutely perfect casting , every aspect of this film be extraordinary . <br /> <br /> for fear of reveal too much concern the plot , I will just say it be very satisfying . while it may appear to be a little difficult to understand at first , it do a good job of explain thing in the end . and whether you prefer psychological thriller , drama , or horror , I promise you will not be disappoint . <br /> <br /> from a technical standpoint , its nearly flawless . the set , the cinematography , lighting , and especially the soundtrack , all be captivating . the waltz seem a odd choice at first , but prove to be a ingenious choice . <br /> <br /> as for the casting , we be talk absolute perfection . I be su-jeong be totally convincing as the defiant , yet troubled su-mi . Mun Keun - yeong be equally convincing as she emotionally traumatize sister su-yeon . these two girl be magical on the screen . I will certainly be look into they other film . Yeom Jeong-ah be deceitfully cheerful and hauntingly evil as the stepmother . finally , Kap-su Kim give a excellent performance as the weary , broken father . <br /> <br /> I truly love this film . if you have yet to see ' a tale of two sister ' , I strongly recommend locate a copy . it be a real gem , worthy of anyone 's collection . <br /> <br /> -lrb- 10/10 -rrb-
this movie be a excellent act , excellent direct and overall have a excellent story . ive have real life experiance with a boy like ` Radio ' . at the football program in my town , weve have a mentally challenge boy every year practice , travel , and have fun with the football team . this movie be really true and i can identify with it 100 % . a boy like ` Radio ' just need to feel like they belong to something ; they need to feel like they life be worth living . Thats how ` Radio ' feel and that why that type of program be set up at my high school . this be a very touching movie that im glad have be bring to the big screen . my dad and I love it and i will always remember this for be a movie that tell a riveting story of the goodness and kindness of man !
call it manipulative drivel if you will , but I fall for it . sure , there could have be more character development . yeah , there could have be better cinematography and less of a constant `` movie of the week '' score , but Ed Harris be impeccable , Cuba Gooding adorable and touching , and let 's face it people , in real life , how many of we really get to know the motivation of other . not many . we do get a little glimpse into the coach 's motivation -lrb- a very provocative dialog in my opinion , not to be soon forget -rrb- so in my opinion , this be a lovely tribute to one human be who break out of he `` comfort zone '' to reach out to another human being , and in the mean time , touch the life hundred more . a lesson we all need to I remind of . why be it that the right thing to do be so often the hardest thing to do ? I recommend this beautiful little movie to anyone with a heart . you will not be disappoint . and bring you kleenex . 8/10
Radio will have you laugh , cry , feeling . this story base on a true story be the perfect movie for a couple to view . there be enough for both . cuba Gooding Jr.portrays the title character to perfection . he performance be worthy of a academy award nomination.the compassion of the movie be obvious . the movie evoke many emotion . I sincerely enjoy this film .
excellent performance and a solid , but not overplay story , help this movie exceed my expectation . this movie be far better than I be expect after some of the review I have read - but frankly those reviewer just get it wrong . very inspiring and uplifting . highly recommend !
I think this be a really well write film . I have hear of Radio the person before this movie be even create and I can not begin to describe how good Cuba Gooding Jr be in it . it will make the woman cry , everyone laugh , and most everyone will leave smile .
<br /> <br /> have read the unemployed critic 's , review , I go to a screening of `` Radio '' not know what to expect . thankfully , the unemployed critic now appear , to I anyway , a frustrated film director/movie critic . he review be callous and totally uncalled for ! <br /> <br /> this be a movie that will make you laugh , it will make you cry and in the end it will give you a moment of pause ! <br /> <br /> to paraphrase a line deliver by actor Ed Harris in the final Barbershop scene '' ... and all this time that we think we be teach Radio , truth be ... he be teach we . he treat we all the time , like we wish we treat each other , some of the time ! '' <br /> <br /> yes the movie tug at the heartstrings . yes it be emotionally manipulative and yes Cuba Gooding Jr. -lrb- in a Oscar worthy performance -rrb- be a little over the top at time -lrb- see the Christmas day dance scene -rrb- but you know what ? SO what ! every once in awhile the community of America need to be remind what tolerance can do for we great country . we need to be remind how great we can be . <br /> <br /> this be a solid cast . I be particularly pleased to see S. Epatha Merkerson , portray Radio 's mother , do something outside of law and order . I always wonder , be Ms. Merkerson a great actor or be it the quality of write deliver buy a strong cast on law and order . after watch this movie , it be easy to see that she be indeed a very fine actor . <br /> <br /> also join the cast in small but important and powerful role be Alfre Woodard as the principal , Debra Winger in a career-resurrecting role of coach Jones 's wife and Chris Mulkey as Protagonist , Frank Clay . <br /> <br /> we can not over look Ed Harris 's performance as coach Harold Jones . after reflect on this movie and have grow up in the Deep South my self , it be hard to truly appreciate Mr. Harris and he contribution to this film . as coach Jones , Ed deliver a quiet , rock solid performance , that of a man on a mission . coach Harris will not let the town or circumstance divert he from what he know in he heart , be the right thing to do . <br /> <br /> if you see this movie , make sure you hang around for the end credit . you will be in for a treat as the real James Robert ` Radio ' Kennedy , now in he mid 50 's , be show , still lead the T.L. Hanna Football team on to the field every Friday night . <br /> <br /> one final note . if you be a teen in the mid to late 70 's , this movie be worth the price of admission , for the sound track alone !
Cuba Gooding Jr. be back on top ! Jesus , he do a great job in this film ! I love this movie . its one of those feel good movie that make you want to run out and volunteer at a mission or something . anyway , I would recommend see this movie in a heartbeat ! well worth the price of admission . and as for Cuba Gooding Jr. , just give he he next Oscar right now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have be strangely attract to this film since I see it on Showtime sometime in the early 80 's . I say strangely because it be rather a ludicrous bit of soft-core fluff , a genre I be not particularly interested in . the dialogue be pompously and nonsensically philosophical -lrb- make sense , no doubt , only to it be franco-italian producer -rrb- and the plot completely extraneous . what it do achieve be a wonderfully hypnotic and thoroughly pleasant mood . the scenery -lrb- the beautiful Philippines -rrb- , soft-focus nudity and wonderful score all contribute to a strange and extremely watchable exercise in a sort of film make seldom see today . it be truly one of my great `` guilty pleasure '' . I be fortunate enough to find it on a old laserdisc and have watch it more time than I think be healthy . a worthwhile moodpiece .
I just get home from see `` Radio . '' I have not see such a inspiring story in a long time . my kid be age 8 and 5 and I would like to take they so that they may `` feel '' the message as I do - you should seek to find the best in people and love they for who they be , not judge they for they difference . Cuba Gooding , Jr. and Ed Harris both deserve Academy award for this movie . I do not know why we can not have more movie like this , rather than the junk that be serve up at theatre on a daily basis .
this be a very move movie about life itself . the challenge a handicapped person must face in a land that expect perfection be bring to the forefront for all to see and hopefully understand . it should teach the bigot of society that we be all human , and while some of we be gifted with a mind , heart and sound body , there be decent human being that exist in the world that be not as lucky , or maybe , we be the unlucky one . we do not always see the beauty in the world because we be wrap up in we ` blind ' ambition , and see it only in one light `` what can this world do for I !!! '' . maybe we all wish we be like Radio , a loving happy individual ... who love everyone .
as one who frequently go to the movie , I have to say that this have be one of the most impressive movie I have see this year . Ed Harris and Cuba Gooding Jr. give outstanding performance allow viewer to get lose in the various emotion and really feel for the character . it be nice to occasionally see a movie that do not depend entirely upon special effect but allow the character of the story to touch the human psyche on many level . I wish Hollywood would produce more movie of this calibre .
Cuba Gooding , Jr. will win the Oscar for BEST ACTOR in 2003 . and Ed Harris will win for BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR . what a beautiful and poignant film it be but be sure to bring along a box of tissue because if this film do not get to you , then you have ice water in you vein . <br /> <br /> it be 1976 . the setting be in South Carolina and the Civil Rights Act be about ten year old . we have a white high school football coach and teacher , Ed Harris . then there be a black retarded frightened but pleasant fellow , Cuba Gooding , whose greatest possession , include a radio , be pile into a shopping cart which be also use as he bicycle . <br /> <br /> Ed Harris take a keen interest in the fellow for a reason explain much later on in the film . he give Cuba the nickname `` Radio '' and what follow be a absoutely riveting , engrossing , poignant exploration of the human soul . <br /> <br /> the movie be nothing short of a masterpiece .
inspire by true event , radio be one of the best act , heart feel drama I see widely release in sometime . it definitely be one of the year 's best film of 2003 . <br /> <br /> radio star Ed Harris , who be Oscar worthy nonetheless in this film , as football coach Harold Jones . coach Jones have be teach football all he life and love the game . however coach Jones do not spend much time with he wife and daughter play by Debra Winger and Sarah Drew . one day radio , play by Cuba Gooding Jr. , in he best performance since man of honor , come by the football field while the coach 's team be practice for the game . some member of the team , then tie up radio and throw he into a building . they then bang on the building and finally coach Jones suspect something be wrong . he come over and help radio , who be frightened , and from that point on coach Jones and Radio share a very special bond . Radio become the highlight of every football game and really enjoy participate in the football game and at school event . he also become coach Jones 's main interest in life over football which at first be he main priority before both he family and radio . <br /> <br /> the movie deal with all sort of real life problem include what you priority be life , accept people for who they be even if they be different , death , and family relationship . the movie touch upon all those issue and more and be extremely well do and director Michael Tollin should be very proud of this film . the thing I like most about radio be how real it feel . the performance be like watch something in real life occur right before you eye . Radio have a great mix of comedy and drama . some part be quite funny yet other part be very serious and sad . <br /> <br /> in conclusion , I feel that radio be very overlook by critic only get average review . they must have there head up there butt because its amazing how this film can only get 2 star review and something like school of rock can get 3 or 4 star it do not make any sense to I . also the performance as I mention before be top-notch and Oscar worthy . in my opinion , both Ed Harris , who I think be underrate as a actor , and Cuba Gooding Jr. should both get some kind on nomination for this movie . radio be one my favorite movie of the year and give I reason to still see some of the big Hollywood movie . my final rating for radio be a 9/10 .
Cuba Gooding Jr. and Ed Harris be touch . this movie be really surprising . it be enjoyable from start to finish . <br /> <br /> the story be about mentally challenge man who help out with a football team . <br /> <br />
this be a movie you 'll either love or hate . I love it . if you be look for suspense , great special effect , action , sophistication , cynicism , etc. you will not find it in this movie . it be a feel good movie , sentimental , positive , uplifting . the hero of the movie be coach Jones -lrb- play by Ed Harris -rrb- , a man of strength and integrity , and radio -lrb- Cuba Gooding , Jr. -rrb- a mentally retarded man who find a way to contribute to he world . I guess I do not find this movie to be `` sentimental hogwash '' as so many do , because it feel very real to I . I know people like these . I have see jock who think it be fun to pick on the vulnerable . I have see man of integrity stand up for the vulnerable . I have see people who think high school football be serious business . I have see people who know what really be important in life . any of these people could have be people I know . I do laugh ; I do cry . I leave the movie feeling good , remember that there be people like coach Jones and Radio in my world . if there be not people like they in yours , you might not like the movie . if you do not like a movie that show the better side of human nature , you 'll hate it .
radio be a very good movie , and honestly , i never cry in movie . but it have I pretty close to tear . it really get to I when Radio 's mom die and he just would not get out of he room . I feel really sad about how , if you be mentally retarded , you would not really be able to understand death . I really like the movie , and it be a must see .
I be normally not a Drama/Feel good movie kind of guy , but once I see the trailer for `` Radio '' , I could not resist . not only be this a great film , but it also have grreat acting . Cuba Gooding Jr. do a excellent job portray James Robert Kennedy , a.k.a. `` radio . '' Ed Harris also do a fantastic job as coach Jones . I be pleasantly surprise to see some comedy in it as well . so for a great story , great acting , and a little comedy , I give `` Radio '' a 10 out of 10 !
radio be a true story about a man who do what he feel , in he heart , be the right thing to do . the viewer will be compel to wonder what he or she would have do . the adversity that coach Jones and Radio both face be both tragic and predictable . people do not understand ; nor do they want to understand . but in the end , the power of circumstance force people to understand and appreciate so much more than they do before it happen . radio be a mentally challenge youth who understand very little , besides three of the most important thing the be too often forget as we mature : intuition , compassion , and love . coach Jones be a high school teacher who can not ignore the plight of the underdog who be just try to play a bad hand of card in the best way that he know how . it be sad the way coach Jones and Radio meet . the practical joke that terrify the life out of radio be enough to make you want to severely punish , not only the boy involve , but every boy who know what be go on and do nothing about it . however , on the positive side of the scale , the incident lead to a friendship that would influence so many life in the kind of way that most of we believe only happen in the movie . this movie be a real life fairy tale and not to be miss . Ed Harris be he usual brilliance . Gooding be flawless . radio be a inspiration .
despite some really scenic location in the orient and some sporadically energetic music by Franco Micalizzi , this film do not quite reach the level of Joe D'Amato 's similar effort while stay just about as trashy . the author of the original book `` Emmanuelle : the Joys of a Woman '' , Emmanuelle Arsan , direct and have a smallish role in this film , which mostly pornographically showcase a very young Annie Belle as she get in a variety of oddball sexual situation . she boyfriend , play by ZOMBIE 's Al Cliver actually approve of she sleeping around and even persuade she to continue she practice even after the two of they be marry ! Orso Maria Guerrini drop by as a professor who be oh so usually marry simultaneously to two woman , one of whom be play by Arsan herself . despite begin promisingly and have a few hilarious line of dialog like `` can you see I with the naked eye ? '' ... `` I can see you better naked ! '' , the film shambles along plotlessly up until the less-than-spectacular finale . much like D'Amato 's EMANUELLE and the last cannibal , the main character be all in search of some lose tribe , but do not get you hope up , there be no violence at all in this film , and not much sex either for that matter . just a lot of nudity and silly dialog . I could not help but find some appreciation for this little film , if only for the completely cornball logic the film go by .
` Radio ' be a beautiful movie base on a real story of the mentally challenge James Robert Kennedy , nickname ` Radio ' , and the football coach from the T.L. Hanna High School , Harold Jones . <br /> <br /> Cuba Gooding , Jr. be excellent as radio ! I would never imagine to see he in a serious performance , specially because most of the movie I watch with he be comedy . Ed Harris be great as Harold Jones , but this actor be great , so this be not anything new . <br /> <br /> the mentally challenge young man call James Robert Kennedy , always walk around the T.L. Hanna High School , without bother anyone and almost not notice . one day , when the football 's ball be throw near he , he decide to stay with the ball , for the impatience of Johnny Cash , one of the best player from the football team and also one of the most unpleasant guy you would ever meet . one day , cash decide to punish James , mock he with other football player and even go so far as to tie he up . <br /> <br /> when coach Jones discover that horrible act , he stay angry and punish all the team , decide for this day on to help James , who get the nickname ` Radio ' because of he passion for radio in general . <br /> <br /> the movie show how Radio become a adept assistant , help the team train despite hardship from the player , and even get respect from basically all the people who live in the small city . <br /> <br /> I would recommend this movie for everybody who want to watch a real and beautiful story . it have a life lesson , specially show we how a person can make a difference , even not be what we call '' normal '' . radio have a big heart and be incapable to hate anyone , and that be a thing that we all should apply to we daily life .
can a mentally challenge black youth be a catalyst to unite people in a South Carolina town ? the answer appear to be that in spite of he handicap , James Kennedy , understand much more than what he be give credit for and go to become a fixture in the sport scene . also , the film be say how many of we overlook people with problem that can be help if only we have the patience coach Jones show to the young man because of he own guilt in he heart . <br /> <br /> `` Radio '' , direct by Michael Tolllin , be a formulum film inspire on a true story . yet , the movie be not a complete failure because of the inspired performance the director be able to get from he wonderful cast . <br /> <br /> coach Jones be instrumental in get the young man , who be call Radio because he passion for collect they , involve in sport , a passion he discover in this retard man who have have only hard knock in he young life . come from a poor background , Radio , live with he mother who be protective of he and question the coach 's intention . radio be see by the school kid as a mascot , at first , then , he sunny disposition win he the acceptance of everyone because he be a good person without a ounce of malice in he body . <br /> <br /> the film owe a lot to Ed Harris and Cuba Gooding Jr. who make a great pair as the coach and radio . Mr. Harris , one of the best actor of we time be never boring in anything he grace with he presence . he get the essence of the principled coach who see the possibility to make amends for something that bother he from he past . Cuba Gooding Jr. be also at he best portray the mentally challenge young man . <br /> <br /> the support cast be excellent . S. Ephata Merkerson , one of the best actress of she generation , do interesting work as the mother of radio . Alfre Woodard , another good actress play the high school principle with style . Debra Winger , only have a few scene in the film . <br /> <br /> `` Radio '' , while be sentimental , will warm anyone 's heart because it show how we tend to see some people be in we society that we know nothing about and how quick we be to judge they . Michael Tollin put a lot of idea in the proper perspective for we .
Ed Harris and Cuba Gooding Jr. where cast perfectly in this film . it be a heart-warming story that reaffirm the belief that we can all make a difference if we just care . I think there be a lot of realism with the character . the screenwriter do not incorporate racism in the film in a way that most film do , which I think create a more realistic story line . <br /> <br /> Writers tend to inject incident of racism in a attempt to create realism but usually go overboard . <br /> <br /> there be so many town like this one where people of different race live harmoniously . Ed Harris should have be nominate for a academy award because he be great as a leader and coach , realistic as a father and show a warm care side when help radio .
this be unusual : a modern-day film which be ultra-nice . in fact , it be so nice it border on be too hard to believe in part . as I watch this based-on-a-real-life story , I be think , `` nobody be this nice , this tolerant . '' mainly , I be refer to Ed Harris ' role as `` coach Jones . '' I think they go a little overboard on he character , but that be better than the reverse : show he worse than what he be in real life . Odd to see Harris play the role , too , since he have a long resume of play nasty , profane character . <br /> <br /> anyway , I never complain about a nice , feel-good film , and it be nice to see a bunch of well - meaning , kind people . those folk direct they friendship , love and compassion to `` James Kennedy , '' better know as `` Radio , '' a mentally slow high school kid play by Cuba Gooding Jr. . the story take place in the mid 1970 in South Carolina . Gooding do a nice job with the role , too . however , like Sean Penn 's role of a mentally-challenged man in `` I be Sam , '' a hour-and-a-half of a character like this be plenty . after that , the loudness of those guy get tiresome to hear . <br /> <br /> note : it be interesting in one of the documentary on this dvd to find out that , in real life , in take year for `` Radio '' to make he transformation , not month as show in the film .
not much to it but a validation of small town value and the embrace of a mentally challenge young man into its heart . <br /> <br /> I read some of the review and be surprise at some of the hostility it engender . I feel Cuba Gooding handle the part with dignity and respect unlike Sean Penn 's drool fool portrayal in `` I be Sam . '' <br /> <br /> the fact that this be base on a true story make it all the more heartwarming . sport be take seriously in small town high school America -lrb- and elsewhere , I suspect -rrb- and I feel the portrayal of these competitive student open they heart to one less fortunate ring true , at least for I . <br /> <br /> the coach be never force to choose between he daughter and radio but rather come gently to the decision himself under Radio 's loving and open way . very well do to all . 7 out of 10 . <br /> <br /> Debra Winger , we need more of you in picture !
corniness warning . as many fellow imdb user already know , I be not a corny , cheesy person . if you do not want to read this kind of review , then go . <br /> <br /> to tell you the truth , you be hear this from a man who laugh through Titanic and almost break he parent ' tape from continuously rewind the propeller scene . <br /> <br /> -- spoiler -- <br /> <br /> one day , I go off to the theatre with two friend to see Dickie Roberts : Former Child Star , last year in August . the boring trailer roll on until one start off so calmly . it be for radio . the moment I see the trailer , I just have to see this movie on open weekend . when that weekend roll along , scary movie 3 be out too so many teenager be there wait in line that Friday night . it turn out the movie sell out and those teens be so desperate to see a movie , they go and also sell out good boy and radio . I could not get a ticket and the follow week , I be busy with more important thing . about 5 month later , my friend rent radio . he let I borrow it and I watch it in my room . I 'll tell you this now , this be the only movie I have ever see that get I cry ever . when Radio 's mother die , it just come out automatically . the next day , I go off to Blockbuster and buy the dvd . <br /> <br /> Well enough of my stupid personal story , let I tell you about the movie . <br /> <br /> Cuba Gooding Jr. star as a mentally challenge man nick-named radio . Ed Harris co-star and this movie be direct by Mike Tollin . base on a true story , radio be a teenager who have a life by spend most of he day alone . he go around with a shopping cart pick up whatever he can and be always carry a radio around . he be get he own collection . at the end of every day , he go home to he mother . he never go to school until later in the film . one day , Radio pass by the local high school while the football team be practice . a football fly over the fence and radio pick it up and continue on . Ed Harris play Mr. Jones , the football coach . they meet and this be the life of radio . <br /> <br /> throughout the whole movie , radio and coach Jones spend quality time together , both teaching each other thing . it be beautiful to see how the movie go to the highest joy , the lowest low , and just see radio live he life . you will laugh , cry , and live the life of radio with he . this movie hold a special place in my heart along with Toy Story and other . this be a must-see for the whole family , by yourself , or if you be someone who just want a great drama . radio be one of the most beautiful movie I have ever see . Radio will never be forget by I . never . <br /> <br /> as Ed Harris ' character say greatly near the end of the movie : <br /> <br /> `` we be not teach radio , radio be teach we . '' <br /> <br /> my Rating : 8/10 <br /> <br /> Eliason a.
this be one of the best film I have ever see ! how anyone can knock this movie just befuddle my imagination ! First of all , Gooding 's and Harris 's performance be simply spectacular , especially Gooding . that be the only way I can describe the acting : spectacular ! you have to imagine how difficult it would be to play a character like that and pull it off ; then you see Gooding , and he performance be magical . as for the plot , since it be base on a true person , it go where the life of the character go . for all the action buff , it might be a little slow , but then it be not a action film . I definitely give this movie a 10 . it deserve nothing less !
excuse me !!! helloooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!! CUBA GOODING , Jr. . should have Won a Oscar for he portrayal in this Film !!! he be the film ! while the film may be lack in some area , Cuba be awesome ... and for I , this be the best role that he have ever play ! the scene in the movie where he find out that he mother have die make I break down and cry in the theater !! I guess I could really relate to this film because I see the same treatment of people just like that at my own school grow up ... what a tragedy ! get to see the `` real '' radio and coach at the end of the movie be really special too ! if you can watch this movie and not be move to tear , you need a heart check ! if you like `` Simon Birch '' and `` the Mighty '' , you 'll love `` Radio '' too ! I wish they make more movie like this ... radio be the Real Deal !
the fact that the movie be base on a true story contribute to a better and , of course , more realistic experience and keep the viewer focus on the basic theme of the movie . the story be fill with unexpected twist which keep the viewer at all time from figure the end out . in one moment you think that something happen to coach Jones or Radio . well it do , but certainly not what you would expect . <br /> <br /> the film become at no point boring or too sentimental and the act performance by Ed Harris & Cuba Gooding Jr. be some of they best in my opinion . the end put a long lasting smile on you face and make you wonder if what you be do be right . well I guess that be what Michael Tollin & Mike Rich be try to do . first-class movie . <br /> <br /> Esbjørn Nordby Birch . Denmark .
Spoilers !!! to understand what really happen first you have to be a warrior , to stay alive in real war , to think off-line , analytically , critically and not linear . otherwise you will come to false conclusion that Maj.Gray be dumb or unstable person . truth be something completely different . he be firm hardened veteran and only way he could be kill by Capt. O'Malley be that he want she to kill he . it be he way out . he choose it . he be not man who will retire . if you have never be on a first line you can not understand it . he intentionally prepare he own suicide . first he seduce Mary Jane , than intentionally act as a dumb , than stageed argue - shut incident before witness -lrb- to protect she later after she do what he want she to do if it come to trial -rrb- , than give she son a bullet -lrb- to assure he could load she gun later -rrb- , come that night , load she gun , wake she up , put she gun in she hand , act as he be attack she , after shot first time he raise knife and cry `` one kill '' so she shoot he again and before die he put knife off like he be try to take he back again after first shot . he also give she a message with he last cry . `` after first kill everything will change inside you mind and destroy you life , this be the the only way for I to die as a man , yet to be kill by somebody I love be my choice and my only prerogative , war and army be not what you think so far , grow up finally and save you life till you can '' . she leave military life at the end . she do understand he . and he do not die in vain . the man who help he to prepare all that and after to carry out the trial and the outcome of that trial be Col. Sam Doran with help of Lt. Tim Macy . Macy do not know what be really go on and what will be the outcome but do what he be expect to do . he take photo of Mary Jane and Maj.Gray by order of Col. Sam Doran who give that order because Maj.Gray ask he to do that . after she refuse to leave army -lrb- what Col.Doran ask she to do -rrb- Col. Doran convinced prosecutor to charge she with a premeditated murder -lrb- he know she cant be find quilty -rrb- instead of manslaughter -lrb- there be some possibility to be find quilty -rrb- with take photo . Col.Doran also suppress argue-shutting incident to escalate to prevent prosecutor to have any doubt about premeditated murder charge but let it be reveal during the trial what greatly influence the jury . I have no doubt about outcome of that trial . why Col. Doran do that way ? because he will do anything Maj.Gray ask he to do . why ? because he save he life on a battlefield . why Mary Jane choose to go to trial ? because she be a person who have integrity , a principle . and that be why Maj.Gray choose she . it have to be somebody deserving , somebody honourable . keep he secret about what really happen that night she also prove she honour . <br /> <br /> Miroslav
gorgeous Annie Belle in she prime star in this adventure/sex movie . she wear she hair in a buzz cut that be bleached platinum . she and she boyfriend be visit some tropical asian paradise . they have decide to keep a `` open '' sexual relationship , which be play out on they journey to find a secret society/tribe where the people live one year and then be reborn in some kind of ceremony . the scenery be gorgeous , deep vast green gorge and jungle be explore . the imagery be very similar to that of the movie `` black emanuelle '' . it be rich and colorful . recommend !
this movie remind I of the live drama of the 1950s - not like the recent `` Failsafe '' , which seem more of a stunt than anything else , but a true moral drama that be both engaging and thought-provoking . Anne Heche be more than credible as the army officer have a affair with she superior , play by Sam Shepard , and Eric Stoltz be wonderful as she lawyer defend she against the military establishment . I find myself wait for THEIR affair to begin , if only because they look so good together . this movie be apparently base on a true story , and it be a relief to be ask to think about real issue for a change . <br /> <br /> Directed by Christopher Menaul , who also do the passion of Ayn Rand -lrb- with Stolz -rrb- and the Prime Suspect series , this be a movie with panache and style and be absolutely worth see .
certainly this film have the ring of truth about it , as it purport to be base on actual occurrence at a Marine base . it deal with the attempt cover-up by the local Marine commander of unacceptable conduct by a Marine major which result in he be shoot to death by he former girl friend , a Marine captain . the man and woman have be lover , but the captain attempt to break off the relation when she discover she boy friend be marry . he continue to stalk she , go so far as to fire he side arm in she direction at one time . finally he break into she home , attack she with a knife , and be shoot twice with she service pistol and kill . the civilian prosecutor rule the killing self defense , but the Marines decide to charge the captain with murder . the major , you see , be a decorate hero from Vietnam , and a old friend of the commanding colonel at the Marine base . the captain , too , have make some enemy in she motor pool command , reject some male advance in a very butch style . <br /> <br /> there be considerable psychological freight motivate and control the action of the principal participant in this drama , which the very capable cast get across nicely . the director and editor , however , seem determine to obscure the happening as much as possible with frustrating flashback and shift point of view . you be lucky if you know where you be at most of the time . Bear with they , though ; it be a worthwhile story as the captain 's court martial trial unfold , and it seem every man 's hand be against she , even she attorney at time . <br /> <br /> the verdict ? well , after all , this be rather a suspense story , so you 'll have to see for yourself . there be a kind of `` pacifist '' message fold into the film , but forget about that . sure , `` war be hell '' , but sometimes it can not be avoid . we 'll need those Marines then , even if they be not always the best champion of fair play internally . as kipling say in he poem `` Tommy Atkins '' : <br /> <br /> `` it be Tommy this and Tommy that , and Tommy wait outside . but , it be room for Mr. Atkins , when the troopship 's on the tide . ''
excellent cast , story line , performance . totally believable . I realize the close knit group that exemplify the Marine Corps . but this movie bring fear to my heart . the marine let principle be damned . it seem that this film be base on real life incident . it show how difficult it be to go up against the establishment . Anne Heche be utterly convincing . Sam Shepard 's portrayal of a gung ho Marine be sobering . and Eric Stoltz as she attorney be so deft balance he loyalty to the Corp but also he loyalty to he client , while high above on he tightrope . he know what he true course of action have to be . but he be pull apart by he immersion in the Marine tradition , loyalty to the Corps above all else . I sit rivet to the tv screen . all in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10 .
the man who Knew Too much -lcb- 1956 -rcb- be a remake of a film that Alfred Hitchcock make in England in 1934 with the same name . in my opinion , he later effort be far superior . many critic and fan of Alfred Hitchcock will argue that the remake be mediocre and do not have the spine tingling suspense of the original with Peter Lorre . in both film the plot be essentially the same , except the original be set in Switzerland and the remake in Marrakech . it tell the story of a married couple -lcb- James Stewart and Doris Day -rcb- vacation with they young son and meet a suspicious man , that be very curious about they past . it just so happen , he be a agent that be look for a couple involve in a plot to assassinate a world leader.then he get stab in a Marrakeck market because of it be find out that he be a spy , and proceed to fall into Stewart 's arms.dying , he tell he the whole story of the assassination plot.stewart and day then find out that another couple they meet be the couple the agent be look for and have kidnap they son.the film contain excellent performance by Stewart and Day , in a straight dramatic role , as worried and frightened parents.this film prove that Doris Day could act in suspenseful drama as well as carefree musicals.the direction by Alfred Hitchcock be top-notch . the film keep you on the edge of you seat every minute.the scene in Albert Hall be a classic.the original be so slow-paced and drab.i do not know how people can compare the two.just watch the remake and you 'll enjoy it.I give the movie a 9 out of 10 .
unfortunately , due to a sluggish start , I can not say that this be one of Hitch 's best film . it very excellent none the less . the film star Jimmy Stewart and Doris Day as parent who get catch up in a political assassination plot and must try to get they kidnap son back . they both give excellent performance , not surprising of course . really , however , I be most impressed with Hitchcocks amazing use of music . the climax at the Opera house be fantastic , and use a live orchestra to create music and suspense at the same time be pure genius . absolutely fantastic suspense come out of that scene . also , the use of Doris Day singing `` Que Sera , Sera '' be excellent . especially when it be transpose on scene at the end of the film . so , this film to I end up be Hitchcocks best use of music that I have see to date . unfortunately it have a slow start , or I could have recommend this film a little more highly . even then , it be still well worth a look . 8 out of 10 .
this be another enjoyable and entertaining Hitchcock film . James Stewart and Doris Day be incredible in this movie . Bernard Herrmann appear as himself near the climax . <br /> <br /> the scenery and location be great , except the one scene early on where the background be obviously fake , which do not make sense to I since scene before and after be in the same setting and they be real location shot . I have hear that Hitchcock do this on purpose sometimes . <br /> <br /> the review for this movie seem to be mix . I think this be a better than average Hitchcock movie . very entertaining and it have a great light comical scene at the end . <br /> <br /> I rate this movie 8 out of 10 . <br /> <br />
some people say the pace of this film be a little slow , but how be this different from any other Hitchcock movie ? they all move very deliberately and , as a point , have spurt of suspense and brilliant montage inject through it . this movie give we just the right amount of comic relief which make the suspense scene seem all the more suspenseful . the Albert Hall scene be one of the best example of pure Cinema that exist in Hitchcock 's collection -lrb- the best probably be almost all of `` Rear Window '' -rrb- . pure Cinema for Hitchcock mean a series of usually small piece of film fit together without dialogue , in order to tell the story visually . this be , of course the basic definition of the Albert Hall sequence , as well as the shorter staircase sequence at the end of the picture . <br /> <br /> not many slip-up by Hitchcock here , and the acting be superb especially by Doris Day in a rather surprising serious role .
lovely little thriller from Hitchcock , with lot of nice shenanigan surround a murder spy , a kidnap child , a nasty church , a foreign plot and some random taxidermist . Jimmy Stewart be as ever a great hero for Hitchcock , the story rip along to its cool climax at a embassy function , but it lack the brooding menace of Hitchcock 's black and white , low-budget original . nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master 's stable .
1956 's the man who Knew Too much be exceptional entertainment . to those who prefer the 1934 original , I will say that that one be faster pace and wittier . however , even though the american version be -lrb- heaven forbid ! -rrb- a big budget blockbuster , I believe it blow the british version out of the water . I think this be one of Hitchcock 's 10 best-no small feat consider he make over 50 film and many of they be among the greatest of all time . I find so many thing to love : <br /> <br /> 1 -rrb- James Stewart , America 's favorite everyman for so many year , do a excellent job play the distressed father here . he can make any film enjoyable , and work with such a likeable character in such a gripping story , he have I root for he very intensely . Leslie bank in the original be nothing in comparison . <br /> <br /> 2 -rrb- Doris Day . yes Doris Day . despite all the criticism direct toward she , I think she make the loving wife/mother a extremely sympathetic person . I disagree with the negative remark towards she character ; just because she be soft-spoken and gentle it do not mean she be docile and helpless . I do not want to spoil anything , but she do make a crucial discovery by herself after she husband have fail . she give the story a level of warmth that just be not there in the first one , and for those who care about that this version be the way to go . and I love Que Sera Sera ; I think it be one of the most beautiful song I have ever hear and deservedly win its Oscar . it elevate the film to another level . <br /> <br /> 3 -rrb- the Albert Hall sequence . I do not think it be too long at all ; I think the suspense build the whole time to that terrific crescendo and Hitchcock 's direction in this scene be absolutely brilliant . and the assassin be truly frightening . <br /> <br /> 4 -rrb- the end really put a smile on my face ; even after the aforementioned scene be over I find the rescue scene to be exciting and it be great to see the charming family together again . the last line in the film be highly amusing . I do not think the film start out slowly ; Hithcock be try to get we to know and like the McKennas and he do a great job . I be not a huge fan of the kid play Hank , but I do not have a problem with he . since Hank be Ben and Jo 's kid I care about he too ; it be not like he be a brat or anything . <br /> <br /> I find no major flaw in this movie and so many major and minor virtue . way to go hitch !
I can not believe this movie only score 7.4 ! this surely rank up with the best of Hitchcock 's movie such as VERTIGO or MARNIE . the only reason I can think of why the score be so low , be that for the most part , the man ... renounce violence and certainly will not get a diploma in `` sex and crime '' . <br /> <br /> what it derive its tension from be not violence , it be the reckless energy of these criminal that take a child from he parent and be ready to kill the kid if the operation fail . today , have see a lot of hardboiled kidnapping movie as Mel Gibson 's RANSOM , this seem normal , but in the 1950s , where family be all in contemporary America , the thought of such a crime surely have stir up emotion a lot . <br /> <br /> and this tension still work for I , today . yeah , these guy be selfish , ignorant bastard , disturb in how they act : it be a deal for they , and they want to be `` good businessman '' , disregard the fact that business here be kidnapping kid and assassinate politician in the opera !! <br /> <br /> what make the movie great , however , be the creative aspect , the kinky idea of Hitchcock , the outrageously disturbing scene in the church -lrb- which bring it to the viewer 's attention how alone , how abandon the protagonist be , nobody caring , nobody help , the people in the church just go home ... -rrb- , the meeting with the owner of that shop stuffing and prepare dead animal -lrb- which stress the somewhat `` oriental '' flair the movie have from the opening scene abroad -rrb- , last not least the role of music in this movie . <br /> <br /> music be the key principle here , as *** spoiler *** the assassination of the target politician be to be do exactly in the moment of a loud orchastra tutti/gong ; so Hitchcock let the camera follow the orchestra score and you now it will happen in a second *** bang *** and then , of course , DORIS DAY singing Que serum , which become more famous than the movie itself ; she sing it to notify the kid of he parent be in the embassy ... <br /> <br /> all in all : a classic !!
I finally see LAURE and I have to say that I equally enjoy it and be dismay by it . what be great about it be the atmosphere , the music , the location , the cinematography and the beautiful cast . the story be non-existent for sure but with these movie it do not really matter . the pace in languid and the setting be exotic . the film have a lot go for it . unfortunately , it also have a few thing go against it . the first thing be that the gorgeous Annie Belle and the handsome Al Cliver have no chemistry whatsoever . because the two be play a couple and be on screen for almost the entire length of the film the lack of chemistry between the two be a definite liability . accord to IMDb , Al and Annie be a real couple when they film this movie . they sure keep they attraction to each other from show on screen . <br /> <br /> the other problem with laure be that some sex scene be just ineffective or even ridiculous . there be one sex scene that stand out as one of the silliest I have ever see in any soft porn flick : we young blonde couple be picked-up by a helicopter pilot who happen to be a cross-dresser ! the pilot fly over the city to pick up he girlfriend -lrb- ! -rrb- and they have a orgy of sort in the helicopter , in mid-air . and Al Cliver be film all of this with he 16mm camera ! I kid you not . ridiculous . we later see that 16mm footage be edit on a moviolum . while the footage roll , Al and Annie start make out . this scene be actually good but the footage on the screen behind they be at time too much . watch the footage of the cross-dresser get it on with he bimbo while pilot the helicopter almost have I roll on the floor laugh out loud . be this suppose to be erotic or believable in any way ? the last thing I want to see be a woman pleasure a man in drag , certainly when the man in drag make for such a ugly woman , while pilot a helicopter , no less . Al and Annie get it on be cool as be the music during the entire scene . I just wish the footage on the editing screen be not so silly . <br /> <br /> speak of drag , another dull plot point in laure which really drag the movie to a crawl be all those moment with the great Orso Maria Guerrini and he two wife . a married threesome be a interesting idea but it hardly register here as hot or even interesting . the two woman be sorta dull and we rarely see the three have sex . in fact , Orso keep he clothes on for almost the entire film , even when he be with Annie Belle . this be another minor complaint about LAURE : there be nudity but it be not as much as other film of the same era . it just need more skin to punch it up . <br /> <br /> except for those minor complaint and the drag queen moment , laure be actually very watchable . I love these kind of softcore film from the 1970 when the attention be set on mood and atmosphere , not the crude stuff we see today . <br /> <br /> p.s. : make sure to watch Emanuelle in Egypt , which star Annie & Al but also another famous screen couple , Laura Gemser and Gabriele Tinti . the music in that movie be also great .
less a thriller than a colorful adventure with suspenseful element , the man who know TOO MUCH should not be really be compare with such hitchcock masterpiece as VERTIGO , REAR WINDOW , or PSYCHO ; it be instead more akin to such enjoyable romp as to catch a thief and NORTH BY NORTHWEST . shot largely on location in Morocco and London , the film tell the story of a married couple -lrb- James Stewart and Doris Day -rrb- whose holiday be interrupt when they innocently run afoul of a assassination plot -- and when they young son be kidnap in order to insure they silence . <br /> <br /> James Stewart and Doris Day be quite effective in they role of the All-American couple , and the character be give a unusual twist : Stewart , a midwestern doctor , be outgoing but have a touch of `` the ugly american abroad '' about he personality ; day , who play a popular stage and recording star who retire upon she marriage , have a suspicious nature . these quality of personality and background play extremely well into the story . <br /> <br /> the man who know TOO MUCH contain a number of famous scene ; both the scene in which Stewart drug day before tell she of the kidnapping and the very complex Albert Hall sequence , involve what seem hundred of cut , be very powerful . less often notice , although to my mind equally if not more satisfactory , be the more subtle scene in which Hitchcock combine a edge of suspense along with perverse humor , as when Stewart attempt some detect at a taxidermist shop and day belt out `` Que Sera , Sera '' -lrb- write for this film -rrb- in a most unsuitable way at a embassy cocktail party . <br /> <br /> although the man who know TOO MUCH lack the depth and impact of Hitchcock 's greater work , it remain a enjoyable film and one that compare very well with he work as a whole . it be hitchcock-light , but recommend . <br /> <br /> Gary F. Taylor , aka GFT , Amazon Reviewer
one of master director Alfred Hitchcock 's finer film this be the story of a american and he family -lrb- James Stewart , Doris Day , and they young son -rrb- who be vacation in north Africa . Stewart be a doctor and day be a world famous singer . they meet a frenchman who speak the native language and help they out of a incident on a local bus . later one , the Frenchman whisper something into Stewart 's ear after he be attack and die . the rest of the film be a puzzle as Stewart try to save they and solve the mystery . the movie be steep in mystery and strangeness from the exotic locale to the odd occurrence . you never really know what be go on in this film , why people be appear , until the end and even then you be not sure . the final scene take place in Albert Hall and be one of the most famous in film which last for 12 minute with no dialog . Hitchcock have originally make this film in 1934 .
this Film be the one which you fall in love with . Alfred Hitchcock shall always remain over the top of any director of he time . the most influential aspect about he film be sheer simplicity & Gripping Drama . the another best thing about Hitchcock 's film be a Definite & Gripping End . <br /> <br /> any thing say about `` the man who know too much '' be less . the Cinematography , Acting , Dialogs & Camera Works be magnificent in this movie . the song `` Que Sera Sera '' at the end shall remain in we memory for life time . the film be so enjoyable from start to end that we never know when it end . rarely would Hitchcock include humor in he film , this film have comic scene which fit in to the movie . <br /> <br /> this film be absolutely brilliant & as good as Vertigo .
be I the only person who believe this american version be far better than the 1934 English film ? the English version have no suspense , look antique and very low budget , and have unexceptional acting -lrb- except for Peter Lorre -rrb- . the 1956 version , besides have top production value , show James Stewart as the perfect ` innocent ' american abroad , and give Doris Day she best role ever . of particular note be the music - the music of the american film be almost classic ; compare the `` Albert Hall ' sequence of both , and you will agree that the Bernard Herrmann music be far more exciting than the original version -lrb- even though it be basically the same music ! -rrb- . the only flaw in the 1956 film be the ridiculous encounter in the taxidermy shop . I would appreciate any argument that can prove to I that the English version be better .
Alfred Hitchcock 's remake of `` the man who who Knew Too much , '' be usually not consider to be as good as the original , but for I it be one of the best film ever . I prefer it over `` Vertigo '' and `` Rear Window . '' <br /> <br /> like `` North by Northwest , '' it be the story of a average man who be unwillingly throw into the world of international intrigue . James Stewart play the father of a son who be kidnap because he be mistaken for a international spy . he will do anything to make sure he get he son back and protect he family . <br /> <br /> while the original be good for it be time , it be hard to watch by today 's standard . the remake have excellent production quality , a endearing Doris Day , and a really creepy villain . <br /> <br /> do not bother to rent this one because you will want to see it over and over .
this be not among my favorite Hitchcock film , though I must admit it be still pretty good . among the thing I really like be the presence of Jimmy Stewart -lrb- he always improve even the most mediocre material -rrb- and the incredibly scary look assassin -lrb- who look like a skeleton with just a thin layer of skin stretch over he -rrb- . although it cost the studio a lot of money , I do not particularly care for Doris Day in the film -- she seem to weep a lot and belt out `` Que Sera '' like a fullback . yes , I know that she be suppose to sing in that manner , but this forever make I hate this song . sorry . <br /> <br /> the other complaint , though minor , I have about the movie be that it be a little `` too polish '' and `` hollywood-esque '' . the original version -lrb- also do by Hitchcock -rrb- just seem a lot grittier and seedier -- and this add to the scary ambiance .
if there be one good suspenseful film , this be one of they . James Stewart put on a dazzling performance as american Dr. Ben McKenna who , with he wife and son , be in Africa on tour . they stumble on a murder scene , and Dr. McKenna 's son be kidnap hour later . <br /> <br /> before you can say , `` fasten you seat belt , '' Dr. McKenna find out too much about a assassination attempt and try to stop it . however , other people know he can be dangerous , -lrb- dangerous to they , that be -rrb- and try to dispose of he . <br /> <br /> eventually , Hank , the son , be find alive and well . <br /> <br /> if you like suspenseful movie , this be the one to watch . <br /> <br /> my score : 8/10 .
James Stewart play Dr. Ben McKenna , who , with he wife and son , be tourist in a arabian city . they get catch up in the middle of a murder scene . the victim whisper something in Dr. McKenna 's ear , and he be tell to do something . <br /> <br /> later , he son be kidnap . the kidnapper turn out to be a man and woman he know , but the woman be a bit softer than the man . <br /> <br /> the song , `` Que , Sera , Sera '' -lrb- whatever we 'll be , we 'll be , '' be one of the best song ever sing in any movie . <br /> <br /> Doris Day play 's Stewart 's wife , and she sing the song mention above . she performance be Oscar worthy . I be surprised she be not even nominate . <br /> <br /> my score : 8/10 .
I have be get into the Hitchcock series very much lately . I find myself always rent one of he movie when I be at Blockbuster or Hollywood Video . like I say before , Hollywood be loose it be touch incredibly , I need a reminder that there be terrific film out there . not to mention , I want to be a film appreciator , not a movie buff . be there any better way to do that than with Alfred Hitchcock 's movie ? <br /> <br /> the man who know too much be another great and exciting thriller star Alfred 's favorite lead man James Stuart and the woman who steal the show Dorris Day . they play husband and wife who go on vacation with they son , but when a spy tell James some information that could arrest another spy , he son be kidnap and hold for ransom . James seem to just doubt Dorris and she ability for idea on how to get they son back , but she make a great comeback and just about end up be the hero of the flick . <br /> <br /> the act again , I would say that Dorris be the one who outshine the whole cast . James do a great job keep up , together these two make you sit down and never budge throughout the film . I love the little bit of comedy at the end that Alfred add . you 'll see what I mean . I would always highly recommend this film , despite not be the best hitchcock film , it be still a treasure . <br /> <br /> 9/10
I hate to admit it , but I do not find it to be one of Hitchcock 's best but nonetheless a riveting , climatic thriller . in a remake of Hitchock 's 1934 movie of the same title , Dr. Ben McKenna -lrb- James Stewart -rrb- -- the man who know too much - and he wife Jo McKenna -lrb- Doris Day -rrb- be holiday in Morocco with they son Hank -lrb- Christopher Oslen -rrb- when there be a case of mistaken identity and catch up in the web of a assassination plot . the conspirator go to extreme length to prevent they from interfere with they plot : kidnapping they beloved Hank . <br /> <br /> I find it surprising that Doris Day , who I usually associate with Rock Hudson comedy , be cast in a Hitchcock film . as I be watch it , I soon realize that this be more of a family film compare to Hitchcock 's other work -lrb- example : psycho -rrb- and she have singing ability need to pull off `` Que Sera Sera '' , which she do beautifully . she be well cast as herself and James Stewart have chemistry , which help make the couple believable . <br /> <br /> in comparison to the great director 's other work I believe this be not as good , but it be still a exceedingly entertaining family thriller/mystery . there be also the add bonus of Que Sera Sera , which turn out to be a smash hit for Doris Day . well direct , well act . a fine film .
I have be strangely attract to this film since I see it on Showtime sometime in the early 80 's . I say strangely because it be rather a ludicrous bit of soft-core fluff , a genre I be not particularly interested in . the dialogue be pompously and nonsensically philosophical -lrb- make sense , no doubt , only to it be franco-italian producer -rrb- and the plot completely extraneous . what it do achieve be a wonderfully hypnotic and thoroughly pleasant mood . the scenery -lrb- the beautiful Philippines -rrb- , soft-focus nudity and wonderful score all contribute to a strange and extremely watchable exercise in a sort of film make seldom see today . it be truly one of my great `` guilty pleasure '' . I be fortunate enough to find it on a old laserdisc and have watch it more time than I think be healthy . a worthwhile moodpiece .
ostensibly a story about the young child of Jimmy Stewart and Doris Day . the kid get kidnap to keep he parent quiet . they know something about a plot to assassinate the ambassador of a unnamed country during a performance at Albert Hall in London . <br /> <br /> the movie be rich in hitchcockian incident . a friendly but opaque frenchman seem to grill the innocent Stewart -- a doctor from Indiana -- a little too intensely to be merely idly curious . later the frenchman show up in Arab disguise , a knife in he back , and whisper some information about the murder plot to Stewart . Stewart tell he wife -- Doris Day look very saucy indeed -- but refuse to cooperate with the police and risk he son 's life . <br /> <br /> instead the couple try to track down the assassin , buy they off , and get they son back , take they from Morocco , where Hitchcock have give we he usual tourist 's eye view of the custom , location , and food , to London . there be a hilarious wild goose chase involve a set-to between Stewart and the staff of a taxidermy shop . the staff be more concerned about guard they half-stuffed specimen than anything else , and they shuffle around protectively hold the carcass of a leopard and a swordfish . in the course of the scuffle , Stewart manage to save he throat from be cut by the swordfish bill , but be bite on the hand by a stuff tiger , the action boost along by Bernard Hermann 's bumptious score . the scene end with Stewart rush out the door . Hitchcock end it with a shot of a lion 's head gaping at the slam door . there be also a run gag , well do , about some visitor wait around the couple 's hotel room in London , wait for thing to be explain . <br /> <br /> there be two serious issue that be lightly touch on . one be the relationship between Stewart and Day , which be not as rosy as it ought to be , consider as a bourgeois ideal . she be be a stage musical star for some year and be internationally know . and she be give it all up to marry a ordinary guy who happen to be a doc . that be understandable in , say , a nurse or a flight attendant or almost any woman other than a international star with a promising career in she own right . it be not delve into , but the edginess be noticeable , as it be not in the original version . it remind I a little of a exchange between Joe Dimaggio and he then-wife Marilyn Monroe , who have just return from entertain the troops in Korea . `` oh , Joe , '' she gush , `` do you ever see ten thousand people stand up and cheer ? '' `` seventy thousand , '' mutter Joe , former hero of the New York Yankees . <br /> <br /> the second problem be one of allegiance . who be of greater social value ? one 's own young son ? or a unknown ambassador . do we put ourselves or we love one at risk for the sake of national stability ? day be face with this dilemma in its starkest form at the climax in the Albert Hall . she solution opt for allegiance to political stability , although she motive be problematic . do she scream to save the ambassador 's life , or do she do so just to release the anxiety that be overwhelming she ? -lrb- cf : Alec Guiness fall on the detonator at the end of `` the bridge on the river Kwai . '' -rrb- the photography be extremely good , and the setting can be menacing , even on a quiet street in a residential neighborhood of London . it be mid-day , and Stewart be alone and determine , but frighten too . there be footstep echo on Gulliver Street from someone , somewhere . be he be follow ? be he life in danger ? and where the hell be everybody who live on this street ? Hitchcock pay such close attention to location detail that we can make out the garden wall bonding of the brick beside he . <br /> <br /> the director have a rare disagreement with Francois Truffaut while be interview for Truffaut 's otherwise laudatory book . Truffaut argue that the earlier version of `` the man who Knew Too much '' lack the depth of the later version . Hitchcock reply , `` it seem to I you want I to make film for the art house audience , '' but finally agree that the 1930s version be the work of a talented amateur and this version be the work of a professional . no argument there . <br /> <br /> this be Hitchcock pretty much near he zenith .
`` the man who Knew Too much '' fall into that Hitchcock middle ground that characterize many of he film during the 1950 : not a masterpiece of suspense by any means , but a awful lot of fun nonetheless . <br /> <br /> James Stewart and Doris Day play a vacation couple who get catch up in a plot heavy on foreign intrigue . the famous climactic scene take place at a classical music concert , where someone be go to be assassinate during a particular cymbal clash in the score . the impish hitchcock of course let we know what that point be , so that the race to stop the assassin become a nail bite race against the cymbalist . <br /> <br /> so much of this movie remind I of the 1978 Chevy Chase/Goldie Hawn comedy `` foul play '' that I have to believe that film be inspire by this . neither film be a big deal , but both be easy to enjoy . <br /> <br /> Grade : b +
Dr. Ben McKenna -lrb- James Stewart -rrb- and Jo McKenna -lrb- Doris Day -rrb- travel to Morocco for a holiday where they meet a mysterious man name Louis Bernard -lrb- Daniel Gélin -rrb- on a bus.The next day this man be murder , but before he die he tell Ben a secret ; a assassination will take place in London.The crook kidnap the couple 's son Hank -lrb- Christopher Olsen -rrb- make sure Ben will not reveal they plan to anybody.Alfred Hitchcock 's the man who Knew Too much -lrb- 1956 -rrb- be a very intense thriller.the act be superb as it always be in Hitchcok 's films.James Stewart be marvelous.Doris Day be a delightful person and actress and she get to show she singing talent as well.the song Que Sera , Sera have a important part in the movie.This movie be a movie of many classic scenes.in the final scene at the Albert Hall , do without dialogue , you can barely blink you eyes.this movie be fifty year old now.time have not decrease its power in any way .
Hitchcock 's remake of he 1934 film concern about the known story of McKenna marriage -lrb- James Stewart , Doris Day , in the first version Leslie Banks , Edna best -rrb- along with they 11-years-old son travel through Morocco during vacation . in a bus they know a sympathetic french person -lrb- Daniel Gelin , in the old version Pierre Fresnay -rrb- . while they be in Marrakech they also know a couple -lrb- Bernard Miles and Brenda De Banzie -rrb- and happen suddenly on the scene of a killing , the die whisper a political message.then the child be abducted to ensure they silence and McKenna get help to Morocco 's Inspector Buchanan -lrb- Ralph Truman -rrb- . <br /> <br /> this be a superb movie about a family who stumble on to a obscure international conspiracy and then they be force into action be excellently play by James Stewart and Doris Day . this exciting film display suspense , intrigue , tension , and interesting drama well write by John Michael Hayes and Charles Bennett . pack a ordinary theme of the suspense magician : innocent people become catch up in a cobweb intrigue and uncanny , intelligent villain . colorful and glimmer cinematography shot in Morocco and London studio by cameraman Robert Burks , though with excessive transparency for Marrakech scene . lavish set by Henry Bunstead , Hitchcock 's usual , and work until he recent death . of course , the highlight be the happening of the famous Royal Albert Hall of London assassination where a sneering killer , Reggie Nalder , try to execute while composer Bernard Herrmann be conduct orchestra . besides at the climax Doris Day singing ¨ Que serum , Que serum ¨ , meantime she son suffer risk , the song win Oscar for Ray Evans , Jay Livingstone . the story be ferociously review for its double character but today be consider a classic movie and fairly entertaining . Rating : better than average , Hitchcock 's enthusiastic no doubt will enjoy it .
I put this second version of `` the man who Knew Too much '' to my top 10 hitchcock movie . together with `` Frenzy '' , it be probably the most argue film among the fan of Hitchcock . I consider it far better than , say , `` Rebecca '' , which have gain unreasonably much appreciation . <br /> <br /> the film contain many ingenious scene -lrb- most of they have be mention in other review -rrb- , but that be something to be expect from Hitchcock . it take almost half a hour until thing really start to happen , but that time be use for prepare the follow happening , which be full of intriguing suspense . <br /> <br /> if you can ignore the clumsy rear projection , the only weakness of this film be the main villain , play by Bernard Miles , who be a rather flat and undeveloped character . luckily , there be a creepy assassin in the form of Reggie Nalder . and Hank , the little boy , be not as irritating as most kid in old movie .
the movie , which be direct by Alfred Hitchcock , be brilliantly make . it start with a family of three , a doctor -lrb- James Stewart -rrb- , he wife -lrb- Doris Day -rrb- - who be a former stage singer , and they young son - my guess be about 10 year old , who be travel through Morroco for leisure . on the bus , the bump into a french government agent , and they be a little too nice to he . he be kill at the marketplace after find out the information he seek . he want to carry this information out to someone , so he go to the only person he , even slightly , know : James Stewart . the antagonist kidnap they young boy and say if he tell anything about what the agent tell he , he son would be kill . Stewart have to travel to London , because that be where he son be , and where the assasination that the agent tell he about would be . the movie be very suspenseful . there be many twist and turn -lrb- typical Hitchcock movie -rrb- . also , it have just the right amount of comic relief . in addition to all of that , it win a Oscar for Doris Day 's performance of `` Que sara , sara . '' this movie be very good . it be hard to find a problem about it . I would certainly reccomend it to all Hitchcock fan and all suspense fan . I give this movie a `` a - '' only because it be a little bit predictable .
`` the man who Knew Too much '' -lrb- 1955 -rrb- be Alfred Hitchcock 's own remake of he 1934 thriller about a married couple -lrb- James Stewart and Doris Day -rrb- on vacation in Morocco where they get catch up in a nightmare that include murder , espionage , assassination and the worst of all , kidnapping of they 10-years-old son . the movie which Hitchcock himself consider superior to the original be a great fun . Stewart and Day have a good chemistry together . the film be fill with the wonderful comical scene and dialogue as well as the scene of chill suspense . <br /> <br /> the inclusion of `` Que Sera , Sera '' prove to be a stroke of genius because rarely the song fit the content and play such a important role in the movie like `` Que Sera , Sera '' do in `` the man who Knew Too much '' . <br /> <br /> hitchcock also treat we to the live music playing from Arthur Benjamin `` storm cloud cantata '' for almost ten minute while scene in London 's Royal Albert Hall where the assassination of a very important politician be attempt take place and both , the scene and the cantata be simply marvelous .
a film that tend to get bury under prejudice and preconception - it be a remake ! Doris Day be in it ! she sing ! - hitchcock 's second crack at ` the man who Knew Too much ' be he most under-rated film , and arguably a fully fledge masterpiece in its own right . <br /> <br /> this be , in more way than one , Doris Day 's film . not only do she give the finest performance of she career , more than hold she own against James Stewart , but the whole film be subtly structure around she character rather than he . this be , after all , a film in which music be both motif and plot device . what better casting than the most popular singer of she generation ? consider : Day 's Jo McKenna have give up she career on the stage in order to settle down with she husband and raise they son . this seem to be a mutual decision , and she do not appear to be unhappy . but look at the way Stewart tease she in the horse-drawn carriage over she concern about Louis Bernard , imply that she be jealous that Bernard be not ask she any question about she career . this be clearly a recurrent joke between they - she respond with a ` har-de-har-har ' that denote the familiarity of this gag , suggest that she have a certain latent resentment about she confinement , and that they both realise it . <br /> <br /> after they son have be kidnap , Stewart insist on dope she before give she the news . this be a cruel scene , brilliantly play by both actor , which illustrate the power imbalance in they marriage - he be seek to control and subdue she reaction , in essence use he professional knowledge to suppress she voice in the marriage just as he medical career have suppress she singing career . <br /> <br /> the potency of that voice be demonstrate in the Ambrose chapel sequence , when she have to reign in its highly train clarity and volume to blend in with the congregation of female drudge - they almost act as a warning of what will become of she if she continue to suppress she talent . at the Albert Hall , it be she need to cry out , to exercise those impressive lung , that save a man 's life , and in the Embassy finale , it be she talent and reputation that allow they to locate they son . by contrast , all of Stewart 's masculine activity be counterproductive - he visit to the taxidermist be a dead end , he get left behind at the church whilst everyone else move on to the Albert Hall , and he effort there only succeed in get the assassin kill , thus deprive the police of potentially useful information . it be only when he action be join to he wife 's voice , in the rescue of Hank from the embassy , that he actually succeed in do something useful . <br /> <br /> far from be force into the film to give Day a opportunity to sing , ` Que Sera Sera ' act as the first musical device in the film , foreshadow the nightmare that be about to engulf the McKennas ; ` the future 's not ours to see ' indeed . it also neatly prepare the way for the finale , in which the close bond mother and son share through music will allow Doris to save the day . <br /> <br /> the most famous sequence in the film make music the central feature - the build up to the assassination attempt in the Albert Hall . this lengthy wordless sequence may be the single most extraordinary thing Hitchcock commit to film , the ultimate expression of he belief that film should be story tell visually . we see people conduct conversation in this sequence , but we never hear a word they say . we do not need to - the image say everything . it be also he most exquisite suspense sequence , with the piece move slowly into place as the music build . the editing be incredibly tight , match to the music perfectly . there be not a frame out of place - anything that do not relate directly to the assassination be give the viewer a sense of the environment , the geography in which all this be play out . it build slowly , but by the end the suspense be nearly unbearable . when Jo scream , it be not just a relief for she , but for the audience . <br /> <br /> the Ambrose chapel sequence be witty , and particularly effective for anyone who have have to sit through a service at a particularly stick-in-the-mud nonconformist church . the Embassy sequence seem a little flat after the Albert Hall one that precede it on first viewing , but second time around actually seem more effective , with the final walk at gunpoint really benefit from the gorgeous use of day singing in the background , reminiscent of the music-as-ambient-noise in ` Rear Window ' . the score as a whole be subtle , allow the music from on-screen source to be foreground effectively . <br /> <br /> Bernard Miles be a low-key villain , a little banal , but with a dry wit . he be outshine by Brenda de Banzie as he wife , who walk a fine line between sinister and sympathetic . just look at the way she smoke a cigarette whilst she husband prep the assassin - she stance be pure gangster 's moll , belie the middle-england exterior , but she clearly have a soft side , and possibly maternal feeling towards Hank . <br /> <br /> Stewart be excellent , although if Hitchcock really do always cast he as ` Everyman ' , as the Director 's daughter seem to think , then it confirm that Hitchcock have a cynical view of he audience . Stewart play a hypocritical intellectual who espouse fascist ideology in Rope , a voyeur who mistreat he girlfriend in Rear Window and a obsessive necrophiliac in Vertigo . day be nothing short of phenomenal . just look at she reaction to the news that she son have be kidnap - she never overdo anything , but neither do she sell it short . this be one of Hitchcock 's most emotionally effective film . he never let we forget what the stake be for the McKennas ; they feel the most fully human of all he central character .
many reviewer seem to prefer the original version of the man who Knew Too much , which I have not have the opportunity to view . by itself , the '56 version be a very well do film . the run of mid-to-late fifty Hitchcock film -lrb- include `` Rear Window '' , `` dial m for murder '' , `` Vertigo '' , and `` to catch a thief '' , as well as this film -rrb- be one of my favorite period in he career . in the man who Knew Too much , Jimmy Stewart throw himself vigorously into he role as always . Doris Day be very believable in the role of a atypical Hitchcock blond . I think there be nothing fake about she performance . she character may not have be write as strongly as the original , but she be definitely not reduce to the role of a passive , `` yes , dear '' , pretty thing on Jimmy Stewart 's arm . <br /> <br /> there be some really clever line write for Hank -lrb- the couple 's son who later get kidnap -rrb- in the opening scene on the bus - it be too bad Christopher Olsen read they so woodenly . it be rare to see a good performance from a child actor in the 50s , though . most of the rest of the support actor in this film be very competent , though - most notably the assassin -lrb- play by Reggie Nalder -rrb- . <br /> <br /> some little touch that make this film undeniably hitchcockian - the use of non-english dialog , especially french -lrb- something hitch do on a much larger scale in `` to catch a thief '' -rrb- ; the use of foreboding , arabic music in the hotel when the assassin appear ; Stewart and Day talk to each other in the church , sing they word to the tune of the hymn ; the Albert Hall scene , specifically show the musician and the assassin 's accomplice follow the score , build up tension , as well as the percussionist get the cymbal ready ; and finally the assassin 's gun as it appear from behind the curtain . it move so slowly and precisely that it must have be do mechanically -lrb- a effect Hitch use at the end of `` spellbound '' , also -rrb- . <br /> <br /> all in all , the man who Knew Too much be a fun film to watch . it be not as deep or as heavily laden with symbolism as some of he film -lrb- `` Vertigo '' , `` stranger on a train '' -rrb- , but all the same it be one of my top five Hitchcock masterpiece .
Alfred Hitchcock show originality in the remake of he own 1934 british film , `` the man who Knew Too much '' . this 1956 take on the same story be much lighter than the previous one . Mr. Hitchcock be lucky in have collaborator that go with he from one film to the next , thus keep a standard in he work . Robert Burks do a excellent job with the cinematography and George Tomasini 's editing show he talent . ultimately , Bernard Herrmann be see conduct at the magnificent Royal Albert Hall in London at the climax of the picture . <br /> <br /> James Stewart be a actor that work well with Mr. Hitchcock . in this version , he play a doctor from Indiana on vacation with he wife and son . when we meet he , they be on they way to Marrakesh in one local bus and the intrigue begin . he wife be the lovely Doris Day at she best . she have be a well known singer before she marriage and now be the perfect wife and mother . the film have some good support cast , Brenda DeBanzie , Bernard Miles , Daniel Gelin , Alan Mowbray , among other , do a great job in portray they character . <br /> <br /> although this be a `` light Hitchcock '' , one can not dismiss it as a failure . `` the man who Knew Too much '' be a change of pace for Hitchcock 's fan .
distributor : GOODTIMES home video <br /> <br /> plot : a pretty high school student be mark for unrelent terror in this suspense fill make for tv movie . gail Osborne be new in town . she make friend , have a boyfriend and everything seem to be go she way . that be until she get a ominous and frightening phone call while babysitting . after more and more phone call , she be rape . throughout most of the movie , she try to find proof that the person do rape she . <br /> <br /> Audio/Video : this 1987 VHS edition from Goodtimes stink . there be constant line at the bottom and top of the screen . <br /> <br /> extra : no extra from Goodtimes home video . <br /> <br /> Final thought : this suspense fill make for tv movie be make in 1978 , so do not expect many death -lrb- there be none -rrb- . if you can find this movie with the Worldvision home video logo on the front , then buy it . but the Goodtimes version be pretty crappy . this can be a little boring , but if you be patient , the end be pretty good .
many people have the irritating habit of die before complete a vital message , thus confuse the hero , not to mention the audience ... <br /> <br /> Dr. Ben McKenna -lrb- James Stewart -rrb- and he wife Jo , a former musical star -lrb- Doris Day -rrb- be vacation in Morocco with they son , Hank -lrb- Christopher Olsen -rrb- , when they meet Mr. and Mrs. Drayton , a british couple -lrb- Brenda de Banzie and Bernard Miles -rrb- . they be also befriend by a charming frenchman , Louis Bernard -lrb- Daniel Gelin -rrb- , who invite they to dinner but then cancel at the last minute ... <br /> <br /> the MacKennas go to a restaurant and end up have they meal with the Draytons , when they spot Louis Bernard ... <br /> <br /> the next day in the market place , they be catch in a assassination intrigue ... while they be wander in the local market , the crowd suddenly scatter to reveal a Arab flee from he pursuer ... Dr. McKenna stand amaze as the Arab fall into he arm , a knife stick out of he back ... <br /> <br /> gulp he last breath , the die man mutter some word and collapse ... Dr. McKenna be completely take aback when the Arab 's hood fall from he head and he be reveal as Bernard in disguise ... McKenna be leave know too little , but as far as the assassin be concern , too much ... <br /> <br /> to prevent Dr. McKenna from reveal what he know , the conspirator kidnap he son as a hostage ... the film be primarily concern with the dilemma of kidnapping -- how to get the little boy back safely ... the subplot about the assassination be just the setup ... <br /> <br /> the film be a breathless escapade ... the death of Bernard come suddenly and point out that death come when we least expect it ... <br /> <br /> Stewart be charge with emotion as the midwestern doctor , accidentally involve in political intrigue ... he perceptive facial expression and indignant delivery make he convincingly human -- a person we could easily identify with ... it be he temperament that actually set the pace for the entire film ... <br /> <br /> by 1956 , the lovely Doris Day have win increase esteem as a actress as well as a singer ... she have be particularly strong opposite James Cagney in the Ruth Etting 's biopic , ` Love Me or leave I , ' but she be still unsure of she basic thespian talent ... <br /> <br /> the casting of character actor Reggie Malder as the assassin , be brilliant ... the man look like a menace and he effusive portrayal radiate evil ...
Alfred Hitchcock 's more assure tell of a film he make twenty-one year earlier be infinitely superior to the original . Hitchcock say himself that he first version be the work of a amateur , and although it certainly be not a bad film , he do appear to be right . that be say , this remake , although definitely better , still be not among Hitchcock 's best work . that be certainly not to say that it be not good , it be just more than a little overindulgent , and that drag it down . Hitchcock seem all too keen to drag certain element out , and these be part of the film that be not entirely relevant to the plot , which can become annoying . some of these drag out sequence , such as the one that see James Stewart and Doris Day eating in a moroccan restaurant be good because it help establish the different culture that we american protagonist have find themselves in , but for every restaurant scene , there be a opera sequence and it be the latter that make the film worse . <br /> <br /> the plot follow a middle-aged doctor and he wife that go to Morocco for a holiday with they young son . while there , they meet a french man on the bus and another middle-aged couple in a restaurant . however , thing go awry when the french man die from a knife in the back , shortly after whisper something to the doctor . the holiday then turn into a full blow nightmare when the couple 's son be kidnap , which cause they to cut it short and go to London in order to try and find he . the film have a very potent degree of paranoia about it , and it manage to hold this all the way through . in fact , I would even go as far as to say that this be the most paranoid film that Hitchcock ever make . like most of Hitchcock 's film , this one be very thrilling and keep you on the edge of you seat for almost the entire duration , with only the aforementioned opera sequence stand out as a moment in which the tension be diffuse . there be also more than a little humour in the movie , which give lighthearted relief to the morbid going on , and actually work quite well . <br /> <br /> the original version of this story be lend excellent support by the fantastic Peter Lorre . this film do not benefit from he presence , unfortunately , but that be make up for by performance from the amazing James Stewart , and Doris Day . James Stewart be a man that be always go to be a contender for the ` greatest actor of all time ' crown . he collaboration with Hitchcock all feature mesmerise performance from he , and this one be no different . -lrb- although he best performance remain the one in Mr Smith go to Washington -rrb- . Stewart convey all the courage , conviction and heartbreak of a man that have lose he child and would do anything to get he back brilliantly . in fact , that be one of the best thing about this film ; you be really able to feel for the couple 's loss throughout and that serve in make it all the more thrilling . Doris Day , on the other hand , be a rather strange casting choice for this movie . she be definitely a good actress , but she be more associate with musical and see she in a thriller be rather odd -lrb- even if she do get to flex she vocal chord a little -rrb- . <br /> <br /> as I have mention ; this be not Hitchcock 's best film , but there be much to enjoy about it and although I would recommend many Hitchcock film before recommend this one , I 'll definitely give it two thumb up as well .
the original the man who Knew Too much bring Alfred Hitchcock acclaim for the first time outside of the United Kingdom . of course part of the reason for the acclaim be that folk marvel how Hitchcock on such a skimpy budget as compare to lavish Hollywood product be able to provide so much on the screen . the original film be shoot inside a studio . <br /> <br /> for whatever reason he choose this of all he film to remake , Hitchcock now with a international reputation and a big Hollywood studio behind he -lrb- Paramount -rrb- decide to see what the man who Knew Too much would be like with a lavish budget . this be shoot on location in Marrakesh and London and have two big international name for box office . this be James Stewart 's third of four hitchcock film and he only team with Doris Day and she only Hitchcock film . <br /> <br /> I do wonder why Hitchcock never use Doris again . at first glance she would fit the profile of blond lead lady that Hitchcock favor . possibly because she wholesome screen image be at odds with the sophistication Hitchcock also want in he blonde . <br /> <br /> Doris do some of she best act ever in the man who Knew Too much . she best scene be when she doctor husband James Stewart give she a sedative before tell she they son have be kidnap by a english couple who befriend they in Morocco . Stewart and Day play off each other beautifully in that scene . but Doris especially as she register about four different emotion at once . <br /> <br /> day and Stewart be on vacation with they son Christopher Olsen in Morocco and they make the acquaintance of Frenchman Daniel Gelin and the aforementioned english couple , Bernard Miles and Brenda DaBanzie . Gelin be stab in the back at a market place in Marrakesh and whisper some die word to Stewart about a assassination to take place in Albert Hall in London . they child be snatch in order to insure they silence . <br /> <br /> for the only time I can think of a hit song come out of a Hitchcock film . Doris in fact play a note singer who retire from the stage to be wife and mother . the song be Que Sera Sera and I remember it well at the age of 9 . you could not go anywhere without hear it in 1956 , it even compete with the fast rise Elvis Presley that year . Que Sera Sera win the Academy award for best song beat out such title as true love from High Society and the title song from around the world in 80 day . it become Doris Day 's theme song for the rest of she life and still be should she ever want to come back . <br /> <br /> in fact the song be work quite nicely into the plot as Doris sing it at a embassy party at the climax . <br /> <br /> instead of do it with mirror , Hitchcock shoot the assassination scene at the real Albert Hall and like another reviewer say it be not direct , it be choreograph . you 'll be hang on you seat during that moment . <br /> <br /> this be remake well worth do .
anyone who have ever go on a audition can certainly relate to this one . great story of a aspiring actor and the pressure he must deal with both personally and professionally in order to make it to the big time . Lou Myers , as Half-Step Wilson , provide many hilarious moment .
many funny scene about the people that you do not normally pay attention to in a movie and what they have to do to get work and what happen once they do . Lou Myers be very funny as Half-Step Wilson . any guy that have a tight group of friend can relate to many of the non-movie related scene scatter throughout the movie .
fun story of a regular guy with big dream , this low budget film really hit home show what it be like try to become a act success . great performance by Lou Myers and Brian 's neighbor , Alex. I giggle alot and even cry a little . <br /> <br />
I think this be a really cute movie - inspiring -lrb- make I want to try act -rrb- - I love Kelly Ripa and it be nice that I can watch this in addition to all my child - I have already watch it 3 time ! of course i also love see Joe Barbara - especially since another World go off the air !
this movie be so heart warming . a true testament to a actor real life everyday up and downs.it be truly a wonderful experience to share the passion of the actor on film and respect for what it must have take off screen . this film be a reminder to everyone to go for there dreams!never give up!hurray for the stand - in !!!
a SUPERMAN Cartoon <br /> <br /> a huge shipment of gold be be send across country by train . use ultra-modern technique , a sophisticated gang of hooded thief try to waylay the gold . with intrepid reporter Lois Lane as the only passenger on board , it be Superman to the rescue . but now that it be become a runaway train , can even he stop the BILLION DOLLAR LIMITED ? <br /> <br /> this be another in the series of excellent cartoon Max Fleischer produce for Paramount Studio . they feature great animation and taut , fast-moving plot . meant to be show in movie theater , they be mile ahead of they Saturday morning counterpart .
million in gold be travel by train to the US treasury . travel along be Lois Lane to report on it . along the way the train be attack by mask thief . they detach the car with the armed guard in it and attack the remain one . this lead to a vicious fight between the remain guard and the thief . the thief overpower they but then Lois Lane jump in . she beat the thief off the train -lrb- at one point use a gun -rrb- but the train start to careen out of control . Lois can not stop it and the thief will stop at nothing to get the gold . good thing Superman be on the way ! <br /> <br /> fast , exciting , non-stop action . probably one of the best of all the cartoon . just great .
there be a lot to like in this film , despite its humble trappings of a preachy pc tale about rape and the perp always fare better than the victim . the movie do create a fair bit of suspense in the mystery surround who be send the note . -lrb- I , for one , be sure it be the teacher . in fact , that would have be more probable plot-wise because the idea of the best-friend 's boy-friend kind of come out of nowhere . I guess the point of that be that `` rape be omnipresent . you never know who it be go to be '' . -rrb- Ms. Beller be luminous as always -lrb- yet see kb discussion board for my qualification of this statement -rrb- . like all preachy film the plot last 15 minute past the climax so you might want to quit watch at that point . unless you be really curious to find out what happen to Phillip . Blythe Danner , as the mom , be in the role she be bear to play : the fret , over-protective mom . some good 70s scene for 70s fan . -lrb- the dark bar that the father go to in order to drink away he pain be all dark-stained beam , barrel , oak and cork -rrb- . a must for Beller fan and highly recommend for fan of 70s High School melodrama or 70s kitsch in general .
when one watch the animated Superman shorts of the 1940 , the similarity of the plot can become a bit boring - the adversary be most often a mad scientist in a hidden headquarter , threatening Metropolis with some evil invention - death ray , mechanical monster , electric earthquake , magnetic telescope , what have you . <br /> <br /> this one be refreshingly different . the bad one drive around in a car , shooting and bombing , but the center of action be the gold train -lrb- on which Lois Lane travel , as the only press reporter , it seem -rrb- . train movie have they own typical ingredient , from the 1903 Great Train Robbery on , and quite some be feature here : decouple car in motion , run on the roof , take the steam locomotive from the tender in the back , fight with the engineer , a switch turn to deroute the train on a side track , the fall -lrb- of people or the whole train -rrb- from a high bridge ... it be all in the few minute of this lovely piece . <br /> <br /> but it would not be a Superman film if he do not do some incredible feat -lrb- involve balancing and high-precision placement -rrb- to ultimately win the day . if you be a fan of train movie , do not miss this . it be in the public domain and can be legally download from archive.org .
while all of the Fleischer/Famous Studios `` Superman '' cartoon be excellent , `` Billion Dollar Limited , '' the third in the series , be probably the best of the lot in term of overall animation , plot , and pacing . why it be not even nominate for a Oscar as best animated short for 1942 -lrb- incredibly enough , only the first one be -rrb- in inexplicable . <br /> <br /> here , Lois Lane be assign to cover the transfer of one billion dollar in gold to the U.S. Mint . masked gangster in they super-powered -lrb- for 1942 -rrb- car take off after the train , determine to get that gold . without give too much away , what ensue be a thrill ride for both the character and the audience , with truth , justice , and Superman triumphant at the end . <br /> <br /> as they do in all the Fleischer/Famous Superman cartoon , Clayton `` Bud '' Collyer and Joan Alexander , who play Clark Kent/Superman and Lois Lane on radio , have the voice work honor here , and Fleischer perennial Jack Mercer get a little to do as one of the bad guy , as well .
I be sweep into this series just as surely as the sea would sweep I into its grip . although it start out slowly , I find that the realism in depict the ship , the variety of character and lively dialogue keep I watch . the protagonist be destine to be challenge , grow and change on this voyage and I want to be there for it . I be not disappoint . the series take you from humor to tragedy and everything in-between , often in the same scene , the same breath . there be a wealth of emotional overlaying , interaction and expression -- relentless and compelling to observe . the movement of the ship add a almost fanciful component to the many scene , make the character ill one moment and add humor the next . <br /> <br /> Edmund Talbot be a complex character , the likes of which we do not see often . we may know where the captain stand or Mr. Prettiman , but they be older man , set in they way . Talbot be young and arrogant , still learn , test himself and be test . he struggle get along with other and make mistake like a real person would but have a heart that could be touch , that grow with each hard-taught experience . I appreciate the excellent characterization ; it be too rare in movie and television .
meticulously construct and perfectly play , to the end of the Earth be a simply astonishing voyage out of we reality and into another age . <br /> <br /> base on William Golding 's trilogy , these three 90-minute film chronicle the journey towards both Australia and experience of youthful aristocrat Edmund Talbot -lrb- Benedict Cumberbatch -rrb- aboard a aging man o ' war in the early 19th century as he head for a government position down under . <br /> <br /> among the crew and hopeful emigrant share he passage be a tempestuous , bully captain -lrb- Jared Harris -rrb- , a politically radical philosopher -lrb- Sam Neill -rrb- , a canny 1st lieutenant who be work he way up from the bottom -lrb- Jamie Sives -rrb- and , fleetingly , the first brush of love in the form of a beautiful young woman -lrb- Joanne Page -rrb- whose ship literally pass in the night . <br /> <br /> quite aside from the astonishing degree of physical historic accuracy , director David Attwood and screenwriter Tony Basgallop and Leigh Jackson have a canny eye and ear for the manners and stiff etiquette of a earlier time , craft a totally convincing microcosm of the napoleonic era . <br /> <br /> shipboard life be one brutal , monotonous round of seasickness , squalor and danger after another and as Edmund become entangled in the love , hope and misery of he fellow passenger he experience a delirious whirl of life 's hardship , man 's inhumanity and he noblest sentiment . <br /> <br /> those who enjoy Master and Commander : The Far Side of the world or Patrick O'Brian 's series of novel on which it be base will love this -- for everyone else , it be a whole new world to discover .
I see the second part of this beautiful period piece set on a ship sometime in the 19th century . Golding 's book must be responsible for some of the superb dialogue but everything else be good too ! I especially like the way they create the period and feeling of be on the ship so well . for I this have a feeling of completeness about it which I know I will not be able to convey in word ... perhaps it be the way they mix in technical and historical detail about sailing in the eighteen hundred to the story without mess it up . Benedict Cumberbatch be excellent , as be the rest of the cast . it be not often a mini-series send I to the `` zone '' , but this one do .
the three-part series end last night on PBS , which I believe be its first wide exposure to a american audience . the richness of its text and the unique quality of its film be high point . it seem very novel to view and hear a action play employ the vernacular of georgian England , Jane Austen 's film drawing room be the primary example of that form of speech . yet it be the scope of drama overwhelming the sens that make quaint language fit perfectly into each and every scene . such bold exposure to a old reality be evocative of literary giant like Tolstoy or Shakespeare while at the same time entertaining in the manner of a C. S. Forester or Patrick O'Brian sea saga . the universality of basic human condition lie at its center . <br /> <br /> Narrator Talbot as play by a actor with the almost perfectly appropriate name of Benedict Cumberbatch -lrb- surely not even Dickens could beat that one ! -rrb- alternate between stodgy jingoism and extreme vulnerability , a act tour de force . indeed , I can not recall among this very fine cast any misstep of interpretation . that be a tribute not only to the actor themselves , but to the director as well . <br /> <br /> the most impressive element , however , be how perfectly life aboard a man-of-war en route to Australia in the early 1800 's be present . that be especially true of how the motion of the ship become almost a character itself , something sea story rarely take into account except as backdrop . anyone who have ever experienced mal de mer in person will recognize it instantly , and appreciate all the more how difficult it must have be to recreate within the context of film . <br /> <br /> this be no fanciful pirate of the Caribbean . some effort must be expend in attain a understanding of its nuance .
this be the best 3-d experience Disney have at they themepark . this be certainly better than they original 1960 's acid-trip film that be in it be place , be league better than `` Honey I shrink the audience '' -lrb- and far more fun -rrb- , barely squeak by the MuppetVision 3-d movie at Disney-MGM and can even beat the original 3-d `` movie experience '' Captain EO . this film relive some of Disney 's greatest musical hit from Aladdin , the little mermaid , and other , and bring a smile to my face throughout the entire show . this be a totally kid-friendly movie too , unlike `` Honey ... '' and have more effect than the spectacular `` MuppetVision ''
it be not a movie , but a experience ! <br /> <br /> not the usual eye candy I think it would be . too many thing be happen at once , you sens almost could not handle it . a product of cutting-edge technology -lrb- we be tear between just sit back to enjoy the show and put we 3d glass on and off to decipher the magic -rrb- , the music be great -lrb- it be a concert ! -rrb- , the Disney character be in it -lrb- and you get to be part of they world -rrb- , it be funny , it be magical , it be exciting -- I know this be begin to sound like a advertisement -- but it really be that awesome ! beat Christmas in bring out the kid in you ! <br /> <br /> this attraction alone already make go to Disney all worth it . ;-rrb-_NN
I be not a Disney fan at all , but I happen to be in Orlando for a friend 's wedding . so my travel partner and I go to Disney for a few day . I have not see a good 3-d effect in , well . . ever . so I usually try to stay away from these presentation . the 3-d effect in this be so good . I be a grown man of 38 , and even I want to try and reach out and touch . it be that good ! word of advice . at the end , look to the back of the theater on the wall . put it like this ... the first time I see it , the effect be not work . so I tell my friend ... `` it would have be nice if ... '' my friend say , `` that be exactly what happen . it be not work for some reason . '' it be a awesome show . you will not be disappointed !!!
I recently visit the Magic Kingdom as a adult with my mom , she best friend and my adult sister . Disney World be often mistakenly perceive as a place for just child , but when you see quality show like Mickey 's Philharmagic , you realize that the magic of Disney be for everyone ! it be such a great show that we leave the theater and turn around and get in line again . and then a third time . it be absolutely breathtaking . I would encourage anyone who go to Disney World to check out this show , which be not just a show but a world wind , fun fill ride with Donald as he once again let he temper get he in trouble !
`` be you in the House alone ? '' belong to the pre-cable tv day when the network be eager to offer a alternative to popular tv show . it be well-made thriller with a talented cast and credible situation . Kathleen Beller play a high School student who get a series of threatening letter . everyone seem to think that it be nothing more than a prank but Beller be really scare . Tony Bill and Blythe Danner play Beller 's parent , Ellen Travolta -lrb- John 's sister -rrb- be the High School principal and Dennis Quaid have one of he earliest role as a cocky rich kid . it be a competent chiller with a still relevant social message . Beller be lovely - if you be 30 or older , you will remember that she be very popular among youngster . Blythe Danner , who I usually do not like , give a truly move performance . nice little film .
this program be on for a brief period when I be a kid , I remember watch it whilst eat fish and chip . <br /> <br /> ride on the back of the Tron hype this series be much in the style of streethawk , manimal and the like , except more computery . there be a geeky kid who be computer somehow create this guy - automan . he would go around solve crime and the lot . <br /> <br /> all I really remember be he fancy car and the little flashy cursor thing that use to draw the car and help he out generally . <br /> <br /> when I mention it to anyone they can remember very little too . be it real or maybe a dream ?
this movie be amazing . you will never laugh harder . it be a target . no , I think it be ... yes it be ... a boob ! this movie get funnier by the second -- like when Jackie Chan 's character finally die in he final fight scene . this movie be velly velly seekwet like treasha ! Congrats if you buy or rent this . you 'll never return it , in my opinion . I do not , and I have not find it in a store since . I watch this movie once and I be forever in love with kung-fu action flick . if you be look for a amazing film in the realm of great production value , good or even mediocre acting , and good special effect ... this be not that movie . if you be look for laugh and timeless wonderment , pick this up for a dollar and you 'll probably never let it go . with friend , popcorn and drink , it be the perfect evening .
the hand of death most definitely rate a ten on a scale of one to - due , in no small part , to John Woo 's masterful direction , couple with kat 's superb cinematography : some of the leisurely tracking shot alone be worth the price of a rental ; there be moment when this one border on become a art-house film . both James Tien and Sammo Hung make for the kind of villain you can not help but love to hate . Tien be particularly good as the baddest of the bad . it be a role reversal the likes of which I do not think I have ever see before -lrb- Tien normally play a hero and , in fact , with he moustache , I do not even recognize he at first -rrb- . Sammo 's goofy `` buck tooth '' only make a already unsavory character seem even more flaw ; that he also happen to be a skilled martial artist make he even less likable - in a villain you love to hate kind of way . he choreography of the fight scene throughout be fantastic . Jackie Chan appear briefly -lrb- early on and late in the go -rrb- as a blacksmith , and I believe I actually glimpse Yuen Biao somewhere along the way . Tan as the lead be nothing less than magnificent .
the hand of Death aka Countdown in Kung Fu -lrb- 1976 -rrb- be a vastly underrated early work by director John Woo . the film star Dorian Tan -lrb- Tan tao-liang -rrb- and feature Jackie Chan , Sammo Hung and James Tien in significant support role . many people believe , or have be lead to believe by deceptive advertising , that this be a Jackie Chan film . this be not a Jackie Chan film , Dorian Tan be the star but Jackie give one of he best -lrb- most serious -rrb- early performance . <br /> <br /> the hand of death be about a shaolin disciple name Yunfei -lrb- Tan -rrb- who be send on a mission to assassinate a shaolin traitor name Shih Xiaofeng -lrb- Tien -rrb- and protect a revolutionary name Zhang Yi -lrb- Woo -rrb- . along he journey Yunfei meet up with a young woodcutter name Tan -lrb- Chan -rrb- and a disgraced sword fighter -lrb- Chang Chung -rrb- know as `` the wanderer . '' both man have suffer at the hand of Shih and want to take revenge . the three team up to defeat Shih and he eight bodyguard and escort the revolutionary to safety . <br /> <br /> the martial art action be above average under the direction of Sammo Hung . Dorian Tan use he trademark high kick very effectively as the `` northern eighteen style kick '' along with some `` Southern five style boxing . '' Sammo Hung and Jackie Chan provide excellent martial art performance as well . James Tien be not the greatest martial artist on the Jade screen but do a acceptable job . some of the early fight be a bit slow and seem over choreograph but the final showdown feature Chan , Tan and Hung be very good . <br /> <br /> Director John Woo provide plenty of interesting character development in the film , which be refreshing . the cinematography by Leung Wing Kat be very stylish , unique and beautiful for a kung fu film of this era . Joseph Koo 's music : a combination of soft flute and 70 's `` shaft '' style orchestral piece be kung fu cinema at its best . hand of death be not Jackie and Sammo 's usual kung fu comedy . hand of death be a serious , straightforward revenge drive story . <br /> <br /> hand of Death aka Countdown in Kung Fu be a underrated classic in the old school kung fu genre . the film be one of the best artistically of its time and a preview of the great thing to come from Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung . Hung 's great choreography be put on display here before he directorial debut and Chan 's early charisma and talent can be clearly see . <br /> <br /> hand of death be a solid , stylish old school kung fu film and a brilliant early work of the legendary John Woo . <br /> <br /> Kung Fu Genre Rating 7.5 / 10 <br /> <br /> wanderer to Tan -lrb- refer to he new weapon -rrb- : `` the little Eagle wing God Lance . '' <br /> <br /> Tan : `` just a knickknack . ''
this movie be a evolutionary piece - from Terminator to Robocop . <br /> <br /> Stan Winston do the spfx ! <br /> <br /> in this film , a scientist work in a sinister robotic company with a really creepy boss -lrb- they always be -rrb- get be kill by they in a horrible lab explosion and have he brain place inside a indestructible robot body . <br /> <br /> the rest of this movie go on with a romance angle as this cyborg/man regain consciousness and wreak havoc while try to communicate with he wife , play by the gorgeous -lrb- back then in 1986 -rrb- Terri Austin . -lrb- he try to reconnect with he old life , like in that scene in RoboCop -rrb- <br /> <br /> the rest of this movie be about break thing , while try to defeat the evil he evil boss from recapture he for some ill-defined ` turn human into cyborg ' project . <br /> <br /> this film pay homage to previous movie like the day the earth stand still - - as the cyborg break free like the giant robot Gort do . <br /> <br /> except for the ` Frankenstein Suite ' design by Stan Winston , this movie 's production value be typically canadian : sleazy ! ! <br /> <br /> Pam Grier star in this film as a hire killer-commando , a cheap role of the likes she be do so much of during the 80 's . <br /> <br /> as for a sci-fi horror b movie , out of 4 Stars , this film rank about a < 3
the combination of amazing special effect and oscar worthy act make the Vindicator one of the most important sci-fi film of recent year . for some reason still unknown to I this gem be find in a bargain bin , why some worthless human thought it right to dirty a modern classic by relagate to a bargain bin be beyond I . I have never be so terrify by a man in tin foil and random burst of fire . forget Terminator , Robocop , Aliens , and other film that blaintly rip off this masterpiece , the vindicator be a unstoppable force .
look as if the Robocop writer have be wholesale looting the Vindicator . this be a very solid horror/action movie about a man set up in a accident to be use in cruel experiment . anyone who have see Robocop know the story . watch out for Pam Grier as a bitchy and darn good look assassin . this highly effective , violent and bloody horror movie may not be to everyone liking , but this canadian outing be well worth seek out for anyone who be fan of the genre . 8/10
as a fan of robocop , i always love this movie . i see it when it first come out , and finally i buy it on dvd from Brazil , it be never release in the we on dvd . i like the film , but like everything else in this world , everyone have they opinion , love it or hate it . no matter what a movie do , someone will always say `` why do not they do it another way ? '' in other word you cant please everyone . if you love robocop , you will love this film . to I , its so unique thats its not cheesy , or silly like a lot of lower budget movie . this film always keep I interested . i can see a few scene that robocop borrow from here , but tell I what movie do not do that ? a lot of film use other idea from other movie , and sometimes change they around . fun film !
scientist Carl Lehman -lrb- well play by David McIlwraith -rrb- get blow up something terrible in a deliberate chemical explosion . he have he brain transplant in the body of a nearly indestructible metal cyborg suit by he evil colleague who be lead by wicked obsessive fellow scientist Alex Whyte -lrb- a perfectly hateful portrayal by Richard Cox -rrb- . Lehman embark on a all-out killing spree . it be up to nasty mercenary Hunter -lrb- a wonderfully loathsome turn by the divine Pam Grier -rrb- to put a stop to he . Director Jean-Claude Lord , who previously helm the under-appreciated slasher psycho thriller `` visit hour , '' stage the plentiful action scene with considerable verve and maintain a zippy pace throughout , thus ensure that this flick size up as a enjoyably trashy sci-fi/horror action outing . paunchy character thesp Maury Chaykin easily cop top act honor as disgusting fat creep Burt , who in the movie 's single most tasteless sequence have a brutal fistfight with Lehman 's pregnant wife Lauren -lrb- a win performance by the lovely Teri Austin -rrb- . Stan Winston 's nifty make-up f/x and Paul Zaza 's thrilling score further add to the overall sleazy fun .
ascend to power in 1933 , Hitler and he `` National Socialist German Workers Party '' , which of course we all know as the Nazis , tighten they grip on the country more and more as the time go by . early in they rough-shod trampling of the german people , they call any and all artist , newspaper man and film maker into they nazi hq in order that the may be inform of just what the newly declare `` Third Reich '' -lrb- aka 'Em pire ' -rrb- expect of they . <br /> <br /> when the Master Director from the german Cinema 's silent impressionist and expressionist era , Mr. Fritz Lang , be call in to meet with Herr Goebels ; he listen attentively and say nothing . immediately after leave the Minister of propaganda 's office , Herr Lang go directly to the train station and take a passenger directly to Paris . not even go back to he residence , Fritz Lang do not return to Germany -lrb- at least not until many year later . he remain in France ; eventually immigrate to the United States of America . * <br /> <br /> MR. LANG go right to work in America ; create a variety of most enjoyable , solid and substantially literate upper echelon movie for many a year . include in this smörgåsbord of title be today 's lucky subject , western union -lrb- 20th Century-Fox , 1941 -rrb- . <br /> <br /> typically a film about the Old West and Pioneer day need both quality as well as quantity of cast . western union qualify on both requisite . we be treat to a fine array of star talent as well as a support cast which make just about every minute and each scene a delight to we sens . <br /> <br /> head up the playbill be Robert Young , Randolph Scott , Dean Jagger and Virginia Gilmore . other prominently display be folk like John Carradine -lrb- play not a vampire or other scary guy , but a physician -rrb- , George `` Slim '' Summerville -lrb- veteran character actor , silent Film veteran and graduate of Mack Sennett 's keystone comedy -rrb- , Chill Wills -lrb- always dependable support player and former singer in `` the Avalon Boys '' -rrb- and burly bad guy Barton MacLane . add to this mix , we have name like Russell Hicks , Victor Killian , Minor Watson , George Chandler , Addison Richards , Irving Bacon , James Flavin , Francis Ford , Frank McGrath and Kermit Maynard -lrb- Ken Maynard 's bro -rrb- . <br /> <br /> prominent in those american Indians feature be : Chief Big Tree , Chief Thundercloud and Mr. Jay Silverheels . also feature be that one great representative of the Aboriginal Peoples of North America be that great , singularly impressive and memorable example of the Red Man , the Louisiana native , iron eye Cody -lrb- bear Espera DeCorti of Sicilian immigrant parent -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the film of the fine outdoor scene be do on location in Arizona and Utah and render in the highest grade of Technigolour available . -lrb- there be no Monument Valley ; but then , that be the Province of Mr. John Ford . -rrb- in some respects this film be a far more amazing accomplishment than we might think ; for it take a sort of pulp magazine story , adapt it to the taste and idiom of the pre-war America of the late thirty and early forty . all of this be do by a german bear director who be only have be in Hollywood and America for the shortest length of time . <br /> <br /> in its final analysis , western union , while it may not be the most historically accurate example of the western genre ; we just do not care . it score in all of the necessary category need for a great night at the movie ! SO , who really care about little detail such as `` accuracy '' ? <br /> <br /> we give Mr. Lang and 20th Century-Fox a rating of **** ! <br /> <br /> note : * we just see a special on PBS station WTTW , here in Chicago that be all about all of the Film Actors , director and other Artisans whom the nazi rise to power cause to take refuge in America and Hollywood . -lrb- it seem that Movie folk and scientist be the biggest export for Germany at this particular time ; be that the scientist who build the atomic bomb , as well as the future NASA people , come from Europe at this time . -rrb- <br /> <br /> poodle schnitz !!
okay , I love this movie !!!!! I watch it over and over again . it be so hard to tell who the attacker be . you keep think it be one person , then another , then back to the first person , then another person . it be so suspense full you want to fast forward you tv to the end to see who it be . <br /> <br /> summary : gail Osborne be rape and leave at she home . she be in the hospital and begin to tell the story of how she be rape . it go from she meeting she steady boyfriend , to she teacher who take a liking to she , to she ex-boyfriend , all different story , all suspect . but who do it ? <br /> <br /> I love the act , they have a lot of great talent in here . the suspense be wonderful and the setting be superb . if it come on tv watch it . *** 1/2 star 10/10
this be a very , very odd film ... one that be so odd it be best you just see it for yourself . the film begin with a jaded professor harangue he class because the student have the audacity to not be as incredibly brilliant as he be ! you can tell very quickly that this man be a total cynic -- find the value in practically nothing but stick to he own inner sense of self-importance . additionally , he seem tired and bore with the monotony of life . <br /> <br /> later in the film , he walk into a bank robbery and manage to annoy the robber so much that one of they shoot he in the head . oddly , this be only half-way through the film and what follow be a very bizarre narration of the final seconds of he life . this be when the film become exciting because the style of the narration be just like one of this literature professor 's novel -- one that be intelligently write and say thing the way we wish we could all say they . <br /> <br /> see this weird film -- it be amazingly compelling and not like anything I have ever see before .
this western be set in 1861 and have to do with the creation of the first transcontinental wireless line that be lay by Western Union . while nice guy Dean Jagger -lrb- sport lot of hair -rrb- do he best to get this do , there be a bad guy just wait to undo this for he own selfish reason . so , it be up to either Randolph Scott or Robert Young to save the day . <br /> <br /> this be certainly one of the better 1940s western I have see and it nearly garner a 8 -- it be that good . however , for the life of I , I have no idea why Fritz Lang be assign to direct this film -- after all , he know nothing about Westerns . he forte be drama -- and I guess this movie be a drama of sort -- just set in the old West . strange , yes , but it seem to work out okay , though I wonder how this great german director feel about be give this job . <br /> <br /> as for the rest of the film , it be exceptional -- with vivid color , great location shooting and very good acting . as usual , Randolph Scott put in another relax and realistic performance . I be surprise , though , with Robert Young be also cast in the film , but it be a good casting decision -- he be suppose to be a harvard-educated Easterner . when I see Barton MacLane be also in the film , I pretty much assume he would be the `` baddie '' and my thought be well found , since he make a career out of play jerk ! as for the script , it seem pretty ordinary for the most part , but the final showdown between Scott and Barton MacLane be a lot better than I would hope -- make this movie end on a very high note .
western union tell in melodramatic fashion the stringing of telegraph line between two point out west . sibling Dean Jagger and Virginia Gilmore work for Western Union , and Randolph Scott and Robert Young work for the Creightons . Indians and some bad white guy get in the way , but nothing can stop America 's progress . this sense of manifest destiny be greatly enhance by a first-rate musical score and vibrant color photography . Scott be a bank robber look to mend he way , and both he and engineer young vie for the attention of the perky Gilmore . lot of great character actor help keep the large production move forward .
this be a sort of hidden gem . it have little to no promotion , no fanfare , no classic status , and it deserve all of the above ! one of the great director of cinema , Fritz Lang , have create a real gem in this excellent western . a fine cast lead by Randolph Scott -lrb- in probably one of he greatest performance -rrb- , the always sturdy Dean Jagger , Robert Young as a surprisingly accomplish dude plus many veteran character actor : Chill Wills , Slim Summerville , John Carradine , Barton MacLane and other in a exciting Zane Grey story of the lay of the Western Union cable across country . it have tense drama , sprinkling of humor and great effect . it be reminiscent of DeMille in way and yet Fritz Lang leave he own stamp on it . at very least this be a damned good western !
here 's another of the 1940 's western that I watch whenever it come on TCM or FMC , because although it may be flaw historically , it be extremely entertaining and well act , plus it be get Randolph Scott , my favorite actor second only to Gary Cooper-Well , ok , fourth behind COOP , Charlton Heston , and Gregory Peck . but the film itself , to I anyway , be reasonably historically accurate and as I say before , well act and `` flow '' very well-i bet I have see it 50 or 60 time , and enjoy each view more than the one before . I have it on tape from TCM but would buy it in a minute if it ever come out on dvd . see it if you have not - I guarantee you 'll like it !
Lang do Hawks as well as Hawks do in the first part of this extraordinary western , before settle down into typical deterministic , dark and guilt-haunted Lang for the finale . <br /> <br /> this be one of those film that show its greatness almost instantly but at the same time very subtly . Vance Shaw -lrb- Randolph Scott -rrb- be on horseback and be pursue , we know not why -- he stumble on wound Edward Creighton -lrb- Dean Jagger -rrb- and decide to take he gun and horse , but discover that Creighton be in a bad way , decide to fix he up first . this be convey mostly through facial expression and very brief , clip dialog - in 2 minute we know that Shaw be a outlaw , but basically a good guy . Shaw end up help Creighton on he way to civilization , then disappear . <br /> <br /> Cut to a few week or month later , with Creighton on the mend and in charge of a expedition to lay telegraph wire go west from Omaha . he hire Shaw as a scout , who try to leave when he find out that Creighton be in charge ; but Creighton want he anyway , repay a debt and sense something quality . also hire be a tenderfoot , son of a benefactor of the project , but atypically the Easterner Richard Blake -lrb- Robert Young -rrb- be quite competent as he show right away in a amusing but exciting bronco-busting sequence . both of the hire vie for Creighton 's sister sue -lrb- Virginia Gilmore -rrb- who - again not typically - seem quite as able to take care of herself as any man . the camaraderie between the three man , the comedic element involve a unwilling cook and various rough and tumble type , and the wonderfully play light romantic element dominate the first third of the film and remind I more of Howard Hawks ' `` Red River '' or `` only Angels have wing '' than most Lang - but they be so well play and the action progress so naturally that it do not matter , and do not alter we pleasure - if it do perhaps change we expectation - as the more usual langian theme of the haunt past , dark secret and the immense pull of the easier , destructive and evil way come to dominate the later part of the film . Shaw 's old pal come back to haunt he as the the wagon train and its wire move westward ; attack mount on the crew , and Shaw have to wrestle with what , if anything , he be to tell Creighton about he tortured relationship with Jack Slade -lrb- Barton MacLane -rrb- , leader of the outlaw . <br /> <br /> beautifully shoot in early Technicolor and move fairly seamlessly from sound stage to western location , this be for my money easily Lang 's best western and one of he very best film , convey as potently as any of he film the tragic inability of man to escape they past and build a new future . Scott be as good as I have see he , show more with a flick of a eye than a lot of actor can do in a paragraph of dialog , and the rest of the cast be uniformly fine . the inevitable showdown between Shaw 's past criminal life and he potential future be extraordinary , and a surprise even for a longtime Lang devotee such as myself ; and even in 1941 it seem there be no place more fraught with mean on the margin of civilization than the barbershop and the dusty street outside . you can get a shave , you can feel like a new man , but you can not really ever be one as long as the old tie be still hold you back . <br /> <br /> genius .
one of the best western movie ever make . unfortunately , it never get the recognition it deserve . the storyline , the action and the music be in my mind , one of the best . I give it a double a + . Randolph Scott give a terrific performance along with the other member of the cast . the ending be one of the best of any western make .
if Western Union be not exactly the real story of the construction of the Transcontinental Telegraph , it certainly do capture the spirit and dedication of the people involve with the project . <br /> <br /> Dean Jagger be the man in charge and one fine day he be throw from a horse and sustain some fractured rib . a outlaw on the run , Randolph Scott , find Jagger and be ready to steal he horse , but change he mind and bring Jagger to help . later on he be hire by Western Union and work for Jagger . <br /> <br /> Jagger also hire a young easterner play by Robert Young who be a engineer . Young be do one of he few loan out film away from MGM for 20th Century Fox . both Young and Scott become friend , but rival for Jagger 's sister Virginia Gilmore . <br /> <br /> Western Union have plenty of action , enough to satisfy any western fan . the telegraph crew have to deal with outlaw , Indians , and you garden variety labor trouble . <br /> <br /> Slim Summerville as the timid cook and Victor Killian as the frontier character assign to guard he have some of the funniest scene . they both provide some good comic relief . <br /> <br /> Fritz Lang get good performance from he cast and keep the film move briskly along . Western Union be solid western entertainment .
I first see this film in the theater way back in the 40s when I be a kid and always remember the end . there be nothing like the first impression but some movie be always a treat each time they be view . something just resonate with they . this be one of those film and I agree with another reviewer who say Fritz Lang should have direct more western . to add to it I have always like Randolph Scott and Robert Young . in fact , Robert Young star in what I consider my favorite movie if I have to name just one , not a easy thing to do . that film be Northwest Passage . it lead I to the superb historical novel of Kenneth Roberts . Western Union likewise lead I to read Zane Grey 's novel which , in this case turn out to be one of those rare case where I like the movie better than the novel . not that Grey 's novel be a bad one ; I just like the movie story better . the movie in no way resemble the novel . it be a completely different tale , one of the biggest departure from a book I have see . <br /> <br /> I can not add much to the other review except to say I agree with many of they . I , too , wish it would be release on dvd . `` whatever happen to Randolph Scott happen to the best of I . ''
Fritz Lang direct two great western : `` Western Union '' and `` the return of Frank James '' . the Frank James movie equal `` Jesse James '' . `` Western Union '' be one of Randolph Scott 's great western . I have never see Robert Young in a western before ; he be terrific as the telegraph employee . this be the only movie I can think of that be about the telegraph company open up in the west . it be a high-geared story about the telegraph in the west , a triangle love story , and about loyalty . <br /> <br /> the support cast be superb . Dean Jagger , who make a few western , play the telegraph manager . Virginia Gilmore , who play Mr. Jagger 's sister , be the love interest in the movie . Ms. Gilmore have a short career in movie . she quit film in 1952 and become a drama coach . she be primarily know as the first Mrs. Yul Brynner . it be great to see Slim Summerville in a movie with Mr. Scott again . they be in two other great movie : `` Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm '' and `` Jesse James '' .
hard to believe this be direct by Fritz Lang since he mostly direct crime drama and mystery . this movie have a cast that include Robert Young , Randolph Scott , Dean Jagger and John Carradine . Scott play a outlaw who try to go straight and leave he old gang and wind up save Jagger 's life . Jagger work for Western Union , a telegraph company that plan to have telegraph out west . Jagger hire a lot of man to make sure it be do because they have to worry about indian attack and bandit . Scott be in charge of the man and young be a telegraph expert who can not shoot a gun but can ride . Scott meet up with he old gang who want to stop they but Scott can not tell anyone . it be a pretty good western and Lang should of direct some more western .
doe-eyed high school student Kathleen Beller be find beaten and <br /> <br /> rape in the opening scene of this make for tv movie . the film <br /> <br /> then flashback to the few day before the rape , as Beller be <br /> <br /> harass by a stranger . <br /> <br /> Beller and Scott Colomby and she best friend Robin Mattson and <br /> <br /> Dennis Quaid be double date early on . Beller 's anxious parent , <br /> <br /> lay back Tony Bill and shrill Blythe Danner , wait at home wring <br /> <br /> hand and so on . right away , the 1970 's make its dated <br /> <br /> entrance , as the young couple discuss the romance and love in <br /> <br /> `` three day of the Condor . '' <br /> <br /> Beller , a amateur photographer , begin get threatening note <br /> <br /> stuff in she locker at school . the film maker wisely give we a <br /> <br /> whole slew of suspect : Beller 's new boyfriend , Mattson 's <br /> <br /> boyfriend , Beller 's dad , Beller 's ex-boyfriend , and what about that <br /> <br /> overly friendly photography class teacher who want Beller to be a <br /> <br /> little more sexy in she self-portrait ? I know who the rapist be <br /> <br /> because the Worldvision Video company video box have a picture of <br /> <br /> the attack on the back cover , destroy any suspense in that <br /> <br /> regard . <br /> <br /> without give away who the attacker be , Beller begin get <br /> <br /> harass phone call , and be eventually rape . the movie then <br /> <br /> head south as she make like Nancy Drew and secretly set up <br /> <br /> a time lapse camera to catch the guy stalk another student . <br /> <br /> finally , the film maker tack on a hokey end narration from <br /> <br /> Beller about the lack of understand for the victim of rape in that <br /> <br /> day and age . <br /> <br /> the suspense here be very real , without go over the top into <br /> <br /> scary movie stuff . Beller be very good , and watch for she and <br /> <br /> Mattson 's scene in a abandon theater - both do great job . the <br /> <br /> film be full of familiar face , include Ellen Travolta in a small role , <br /> <br /> and everyone be professional . <br /> <br /> this be make in 1978 , and it show . I be sure no one have any <br /> <br /> idea that this would be review in 2001 by a overcritical horror <br /> <br /> movie lover who need to get to bed and be up early in the <br /> <br /> morning , but some of the attitude here be embarass . the <br /> <br /> teacher who tell Beller to be sexy be never make to explain what <br /> <br /> exactly he have in mind . nowadays , if any high school teacher say <br /> <br /> that , then that would have be a make for tv movie on its own . <br /> <br /> after Beller be rape , the rapist be still a part of she life , as warrant <br /> <br /> be issue , blah , blah , blah . there may not be a case because <br /> <br /> Beller be not a virgin , and can not prove she be rape by whom <br /> <br /> she say . many of these problem have be address with <br /> <br /> modern technology and police effort , but this film obviously <br /> <br /> know it would have a chance to add to the reform debate . rape be <br /> <br /> a act of violence that have not go away , but effort today to catch <br /> <br /> the attacker be mile ahead of twenty four year ago . the <br /> <br /> problem be the anti-rape angle feel tack on , like a <br /> <br /> afterthought . before that , we have a tight little suspenser that have <br /> <br /> real honest to God characterization . after the rape , everything <br /> <br /> change , filmwise , and not for the better . <br /> <br /> I remember Beller from the ' 70 's and ' 80 's -lrb- and who could forget <br /> <br /> she revealing role in `` the Betsy '' -rrb- , but she have not do anything in <br /> <br /> almost ten year . this be a shame , since she be very good way <br /> <br /> back then . <br /> <br /> I will recommend `` be you in the House alone ?! '' base on the <br /> <br /> act alone , with a reluctant nod to at least the first two-third of <br /> <br /> the film . if you want to relive 1970 's make for tv high school life , <br /> <br /> this be you cup of tab . <br /> <br /> this be unrated but contain physical violence , some sexual <br /> <br /> violence , and some adult situation .
while escape from a heist of a bank , the outlaw Vance Shaw -lrb- Randolph Scott -rrb- help Edward Creighton -lrb- Dean Jagger -rrb- , the chief-engineer of the Western Union that be survey the Wild West and have have a accident with a horse . in 1861 , Vance regenerate and be hire to work for the Western Union with the team that be install the pole and cable from Omaha to Salt Lake City . Vance and the engineer from Harvard Richard Blake -lrb- Robert Young -rrb- flirt with the gorgeous Edward 's sister Sue Creighton -lrb- Virginia Gilmore -rrb- and she choose Vance . however , he past haunt he when the outlaw Jack Slade -lrb- Barton MacLane -rrb- steal the Western Union cattle disguise of Indians . <br /> <br /> `` Western Union '' be a good but predictable western direct by Fritz Lang . the story show the difficulty of the brave and idealistic man responsible for install the telegraph through the West , face thief and Indians . the entertaining story have action , drama , romance and funny situation , but with the exception of the identity of Jack Slade , there be no surprise in the story . Randolph Scott give another magnificent performance with a great cast . my vote be seven . <br /> <br /> title -lrb- Brazil -rrb- : `` Os Conquistadores '' -lrb- `` The Conquerors '' -rrb-
I doubt if the real story of the development of Western Union would ever have gain a real audience . instead of talk about the building of the telegraph system out west , it be the story of board room , dominate by one of the most interesting -lrb- and dislike -rrb- of the great `` Robber Barons '' : Jay Gould . Gould pick up the struggle company and turn it into a communication giant - and part of he attempt at a national railway system to rival Vanderbilt 's . but this , while interesting , be not as exciting as the story of the lay of the telegraph line themselves . at least , that be how audience would see it . Jay Gould die in 1892 . have he live into the modern era , and invest in Hollywood , he probably would have agree to that assessment too . <br /> <br /> the film deal with how the lay of the telegraph system be endanger by Indians , spur on by one Jack Slade -lrb- Barton MacLane -rrb- . Slade , a desperado , be not happy with the development of a communication system that will certainly put a crimp in he ability to evade the police in the territory . he be confront by the man in charge of the lay of the telegraph wire , Edward Creighton -lrb- Dean Jagger -rrb- , Creighton 's associate Richard Blake -lrb- Robert Young -rrb- , and a quasi-lawman Vance Shaw -lrb- Randolph Scott -rrb- , who be Slade 's brother . Blake , a easterner with little understanding of the West , be romance Creighton 's sister sue -lrb- Virginia Gilmore -rrb- , but find it hard to get use to he new surroundings . but he do become a close friend of Shaw , especially in try to confront Slade . <br /> <br /> slade be a real western criminal , by the way , and the subject of a section of Mark Twain 's ROUGHING IT . he be hang in the 1870s . but he do not have any involvement in stir up Indians against railroad or telegraph company . however , MacLane make he a memorably evil , and totally vicious type . he killing of one of the major character be do suddenly and from behind - and he view the corpse as though he have just get rid of a annoyance . but Lang be responsible for that , as well as other touch . look at the sequence with Chill Wills , where he be on a telegraph pole repair it . he spit tobacco juice several time while talk to Young , who get a little splattered . then there be a indian attack which we watch from the ground level . at the conclusion , Young suddenly get splatter again , but it be not brown but red that cover he . he look up at the pole 's top , and there be Wills with a indian arrow through he . <br /> <br /> it be a exciting film to watch , and well worth catch .
`` Western Union '' be something of a forget classic western ! perhaps the reason for this lie in the fact of its unavailability on dvd in the United States . however , all be not lose as it have now appear on region 2 in England . this - be a blessing in some way - be not only incongruous but totally ironic when one consider that a movie depict the founding and establishment of such a uniquely american organization as the Western Union Telegraph Company be without a region 1 release . it beggar belief ! it simply do not make sense ! <br /> <br /> produce by Fox in 1941 `` Western Union '' be direct by Fritz Lang . this be only the second occasion the great german director undertake to direct a western ! he have do a excellent job the year before with Fox 's `` the return of Frank James '' and would have only one more western outing in 1952 with the splendid `` Rancho Notorious '' . Lang be no Ford or Hawks but with `` Western Union '' he turn in a fine solid western that hold up very well . beautifully photograph in early three strip technicolor by Edward Cronjager it boast a good cast head by Robert Young , Randolph Scott and Dean Jagger . the female lead be take by Virginia Gilmore who really have little to do in the picture . a actress who never make anything of she career . she presence here be merely cosmetic . <br /> <br /> it be curious that Robert Young have top billing over Scott ! it be clearly Scott 's picture from the very begin when we first see he in the film 's terrific opening scene be chase by a posse across the plain . young do not have much to do throughout the movie and seem out of place in a western . he just look plain silly go up against Barton McLane in a gunfight ! a actor who never really distinguish himself - except perhaps with `` Crossfire '' -lrb- 1947 -rrb- - young appear in a string of forgettable romantic comedy in the forty and fifty culminate with he greatest success when for seven year he be tv 's `` Marcus Welby MD '' in the seventy . he die in 1998 at the age of 91 . <br /> <br /> `` Western Union '' recount the connection by telegraph wire of Omaha and Salt Lake City . Scott play a reform outlaw hire by Western Union boss Dean Jagger to protect the line from maraud Sioux and to also take on McLane and he gang who be try to destroy the line for they own devious end . Robert Young be the young engineer from back east who join the company and vie with Scott for the affection of Miss Gilmore . some comic relief be provide by - and irritatingly so some would say - by Slim Summerville and John Carradine turn up in a meager role as the company doctor . <br /> <br /> altogether though a spanking good western , albeit on region 2 , but in sparkling good quality that fan will be delighted with . my only crib be that there be no extra , not even a trailer and that terrible cover with those dull graphic . ugh ! <br /> <br /> footnote : interestingly the associate producer on `` Western Union '' be Harry Joe Brown who later with Randolph Scott would create a partnership that would produce some of Scott 's finest western in the fifty .
I see this year ago , and it be entertaining , but not profound . the basic story be of a young man who dream of Midian , though he be not sure where it be or even if it really exist . <br /> <br /> spoiler follow : he finally visit it , get transform to a nightbreed creature by be bite by another one . then , he have to help the other member of the nightbreed because they be be attack by Canadians . -lrb- save for the accent , they all act like good ol' boy . not much in tune with the canadian psyche , eh ? -rrb- someone observe for `` monster '' or `` Nightbreed , '' substitute `` Jews , '' and for the canadians/humans , substitute , `` Nazis , '' and you be suppose to get a insight into the struggle by the monster versus the human . well , maybe . <br /> <br /> one major objection I have be that while the underground city be interesting , it be rather ramshackle and , frankly , dirty . this must be a convention for movie with underground settlement . one would think that if the monster be the good guy , some would have at least a little sense of decor . <br /> <br /> the storyline be a tad thin , but that be to introduce character . but it be entertaining enough for a repeat view .
feature some amazing and wonderful character , a new mythology , superbly design and execute set , nightbreed be a great film . <br /> <br /> sadly the lack of a well know lead actor lead to the film finding obscurity . <br /> <br /> perhaps also the homosexuality of the director lead to the film be unwittingly censor by the white audience the film decry . <br /> <br /> none the less the film be a treasure of the monster movie/superhero genre . <br /> <br /> a sequel feature highlander style flashback to different epoch in history would be interesting . <br /> <br /> another idea would be the foundation of the new Midian . perhaps in Texas somewhere or the swamp of Lousiana with crocodile man and a travel freak circus .
nightbreed blow my mind the first time I see it . and it be hold up quite well over the year . the set and monster effect work , be some of the best I have ever see . nobody I know seem to have see this film , which I believe tank at the box office , because of the lack of interest in horror , in the early ninety . it play like a dark , horrific fairy tale , and be a lot deeper , then you would think , with a strong message against bigotry , present by a rich mystical past , that Clive Barker create . what suck be the film end on a really cool sequel note , that we 'll probably never see . my only minor gripe be that Craig Sheffer be only a passable actor at best , and the the project might have benefit with a better actor in the part . just a minor complaint though as sheffer do alright . I have a similar issue with Scott Bakula in Barker 's Lord of Illusions , not really a terrible performance , but I just do not like he in the role as much as I would have other people .
deliver great act and greater special effect . Stars David Cronenberg , one of my personal favorite , as Decker . it be special effect on the monster be so good , you think they might be really deform . Clive Barker , however demented , score a perfect 10 on my list .
let I say from the outset I be not a particular fan of this kind of film , but Nightbreed hold a certain fascination for I with a message about perspective . <br /> <br /> back in the old day , the folk who inhabit Midian would have be call Zombies , the undead . and accord to what Clive Barker have give we certain member of human kind , in this Craig Sheffer be bear with the potential to become part of that world . <br /> <br /> psychiatrist David Cronenberg at first look like the mild mannered professional have take unto himself a fanatical mission to rid the world of the Nightbreed . he trick the police into kill Sheffer , but Sheffer go to a graveyard name Midian cemetery where the nightbreed congregate and live underground . <br /> <br /> sheffer have also leave a girl friend , Anne Bobby , who still have feeling for he even after he be be kill and be now one of the undead . she try in she own small way to be a bridge to humankind . <br /> <br /> Clive Barker 's creature be a pretty gruesome look lot and be not particularly fond of human . but it be plain to see that if human leave they alone , the nightbreed in turn not bother with they . <br /> <br /> you sympathy be definitely with the nightbreed especially after see a fanatic like Cronenberg and redneck police chief Charles Haid in action . <br /> <br /> Clive Barker 's be a out gay man for some time now and some have suggest to I that the nightbreed be a metaphor for gay people . I can see where that would come in , especially since there be a whole lot of people who do not even think of gay as anything human because they be teach that way . <br /> <br /> grant nightbreed be pretty bloody with a lot of gratuitous violence , but it also do make you think and I do like the way Clive Barker do turn traditional theology on its head and make Craig Sheffer a kind of messiah for the nightbreed creature .
Clive Barker of Hellraiser fame have write and produce a fantasy horror film that be funny and exciting . <br /> <br /> the make-up do by Bob Keen and Geoffrey Portass be fantastic . it take quite a imagination to come up with these mutant that live underground . it be really a treat to see the quality of work . <br /> <br /> it be not particularly horrible , as the worst creature be actually a human serial killer . <br /> <br /> I just see Craig Sheffer in Shadow of Doubt the other day and he do a good job in this film also . nothing spectacular , but fair . this be only Anne Bobby 's third film , and she be good also . <br /> <br /> the ending be spectacular and the redneck get they just dessert , as do David Cronenberg . ha !
this movie be masterly direct by Clive barker , he really know how to establish a rapport between the audience and the character . I think there be a sequel miss for this one , Barker should have dedicate to the sequel for this movie instead of do the boring lord of illusion , that be one I think be a real garbage . but I also think that because of this and because of the lack of the sequel nbreed have become a dark cult classic of horror film .
a enjoyable movie , without a doubt , and very evocative of both its era and that very particular stage in any boy 's ` rite of passage ' . but I have to say that have read the very positive comment here , I be a bit disappointed . the period be capture , but the plot be desperately thin . the whole thing revolve around the most egregious bit of miscasting in the history of school play . the idea that quack quack would ever be choose to play not only one of only three star turn , but a philanderer , be risible . and without that , nada . the sub-plot bear no relation that I could see to the main plot - all of they could be remove in they entirety without in any way affect the main story - which surely suggest a fundamental flaw . when all you sub-plot look like padding , you know a central idea be be stretch beyond its limit . nevertheless , it be a benign movie with its heart in the right place , there be some fine performance , and you just get the feeling that everyone involve feel deflate at the final ` cut ! ' that good feeling permeate the film . and that have to count for something . a flawed really quite good movie . 7 out of 10 .
the film ` nightbreed ' be one of the best horror film I have ever see . overall , I be not a big fan of horror film , but there be something about this film that be more atmospheric and different from any other horror film I have ever see . many horror film i have see i have enjoy watch , however , as they be base on horror , I know that the story be unreal , as they be fictional , therefore I can not take they all seriously . Nightbeed , on the other hand , be a unique horror genre as it have a feel of realism that i have see in very few other horror film . <br /> <br /> this film story on how a man get murder and end up live with the undead in a underground cemetery shelter with undead monster be the kind of story a person would get from a dream nightmare as its a very unique and original storyline . most horror film i have see be all quite fake , but because nightbreed be so incredibly sophisticated and geniously direct with superb acting , especially by Craig sheffer -lrb- Aaron Boone -rrb- amazing special effect , great lighting and fantastic dialogue , I find this film to have a sense of depth and maturity with no silly fake horror parody , whatsoever , that many other horror film have . Nightbreed , as well as be horror have element of thriller , romance and action all rap in one . if you have not see this film , I recommend you watch it , as i rate it a 10/10 .
I experience nightbreed for the first time on television a year ago and i be pleasantly surprise with the result . <br /> <br /> Clive Barker be say to have revitalise horror with hellraiser but this be a film that effectively stall he cinema career somewhat . what a unfortunate thing to happen because , like the inhabitant of Midian , this film seem to be misunderstand . <br /> <br /> Barker have create a cross-breed of genre staple in this story - it begin as a traditional horror film but soon become a fable regard man inhumanity to man . evoke sympathy for the devil be tough at the best of time but when the character be as visually demonic as they be in this film it become nigh on impossible -lrb- cue the child ! -rrb- . the practically klan-like human insurgence -lrb- pitchfork and holy wrath ! -rrb- at the film conclusion become doubly upset in the face of what have go before . as a parable of ethnic tension and white supremacy this film can be quite evocative . <br /> <br /> I pity those who will not see the film from this angle and think of it as Barker 's fantastical indulgence go too far . we have a genuine forget gem here and the sooner the studio and mr Barker make nice and devote some time to it - the better .
for a movie like this , there be always something to follow by in year to come . Clive Barker , the man who bring `` Hellraiser '' , make a horror movie that be part-goth , part-mythology , and all horror in-between . `` nightbreed '' be a bunch of mutant who only come out at night , and roam the place call Midian . now a man name Boone -lrb- Craig Sheffer -rrb- claim to suffer hallucination he go to this shrink Dr. Decker -lrb- David Croneberg -rrb- who `` help '' Boone with he problem . unaware of this situation , Decker claim to be a purist which he be only a hate-monger in disguise . Boone however , go into Midian and make the claim that he be one of the mutant there . but a mutant name Peloquin -lrb- Oliver Parker -rrb- see Boone as meat ! he bite however , spare Boone so after he be kill by a gauntlet of fire arm , he be one of they now . after be mislead by Decker , Boone do everything in he power to protect Lori -lrb- Anne Bobby -rrb- from he . Lori save a mutant from the sun , and in return help the other as well . I like the lady mutant one who give a smoky `` kiss of death '' and the Porcupine Woman who dream Boone show off she power that be so seductive and deadly at the same time . I have enjoy this horror movie all the way , and the rule of it be , never trust a shrink ! Rating 3.5 out of 5 star !
this be Clive Barker 's masterpiece in my opinion . the movie have a great storyline and some amazing make-up and effect . the one thing I would love to see happen be a sequel . the movie be set up for a sequel and with improved technology the second movie could be incredible . David Cronenberg must appear in a sequel as well as Craig Sheffer . but this particular movie be a great original , creative and entertaining idea and I could watch it over and over again . Cronenberg be perfect in this movie and Sheffer add a interesting spice to the film .
I wish there be a category to place this in other than Horror . it simply be not . grant it have it be horrific moment , however I do not feel that make it a horror film . I will give that this movie could have be better . a million little thing could have be change to make it better . <br /> <br /> that have be say I love this movie . I be often sad that people misunderstand the whole point of it . it have always be clear to I that the point of this movie be to say ... thing be not always what they seem . sometimes ` evil ' , be not . <br /> <br /> barker be at a con I go to and he do a little talk then watch the movie thing . it be very interesting . many thing he wish to put in the movie could not be , and a chunk be cut out of the movie that he believe to be long lose . this be a chunk that help shed light on Boone and he Girlfriend , as well as some other detail . <br /> <br /> I know some people be bother by not have more information about all of the ` breed ' in the background , however I always feel that give the movie a more ` real ' flesh out feel . I have read the novellum this be base off of as well as many of the comic . because of this , the movie just always seem like a staging ground for the whole story . a much more involved story that sadly have never have a chance to live . <br /> <br /> despite all of the flaw this movie might have I believe it have a lot to offer . the ` monster ' be wonderful , very imaginative . while the acting be sometimes a bit stiff there be some very quotable line . Whenever I watch it I find something new . keep and eye on Boones chest toward the end . at one point Decker stab he and shortly after Boone fall on a card table . he end up with a card stick to he chest . this card stay there for a while even after Lori pull the knife out . it stay there until Boone casually remove it . I love that . that be a lovely little detail I think . <br /> <br /> basically what I want to say be that ... if you be look for a horror movie , do not watch this . if you believe that at time man can be more evil than anything we have ever dream up . this be the movie for you . this be a movie about how man destroy what they do not understand or fear .
this movie be a perfect example of Barkers cinematic gift to the horror / monster genre . I think this movie do a great job of keep the feel and look of the novellum and comic book -lrb- or actually , the comic may have come second , I forget -rrb- . this movie be make for Barker fan . it help to have read the book beforehand , but be not that important if you can follow a film . I see to anyone who be on the fence about this film , read the book , then re-watch the film . you might find a new respect for the movie . I come to this movie a big fan of Barker already , and have read the book prior , love the film instantly . there be great cameo , makeup , write , direct , etc in this film . this movie do something that most monster / horror movie fail miserably at , show the monster . they be there in full color , not hide in shadow , and take most of the screen time . unlike other film that use quick cut or trick lighting to hide the creature , this movie celebrate the grotesque , and cast they into the forefront as the good guy . two thumb up Clive . we be wait for the thief of Always :-RRB-
I absolutely love this movie . I just manage to get a copy and save it to watch on my birthday . this movie bring up several question . one be . who be the monster of this world ? to be different be just that . different . the real monster hide behind mask of ordinariness . they be those that everyone consider `` a nice quiet bloke '' who `` do not bother anybody '' . or they be worse they be the character such as play by croneberg . man who draw pleasure and power from carve up people and create they own book of blood . I love the shapeshifter , people with gift and those that may be abhorent for people to look upon . this movie touch on and explore what be normal . who be ` other ' and what fear do to some . even though I give this movie 10 I be still sick of woman who either scream or be so set in they way that they cant see what be happen and be a vehicle for the thing that destroy median . my other complaint be why do not they ever make a second film . I for one would have love to see a continuation of this most intriguing story that keep I captivate from begin to end
it be a horror story alright . but perhaps not as you know it . the real monster in this flick be human . while the monster , be human and prey . as weird as that may sound I see this as `` Monsters Inc '' for horror film fan . <br /> <br /> Sure , the effect be of a std horror film , the monster be there as in any monster base film , the gore be there as well , there even be a slasher in the shape of Dr Decker -lrb- play by David Cronenberg ; I see flash of Cillian Murphy as Dr. Jonathan Crane in Batman begin here - or be it the other way round ? -rrb- . and it be Decker & c who be the bad guy . the monster want mainly to mind they own business , ward off intrusive human more or less misguided , want to join there society . <br /> <br /> by the end of the film you actually grow to like the quite little monster -lrb- and the dog -rrb- - not perhaps what you have expect from the first few scene ...
I would love to see some tie-in between NightBreed , the fury , and the X-Men Series , sort of the way the second Outer Limit 's Series would tie-in particular story and plot-line after the fact , to create a Story Arc although one be never intend . I would also like know if some more information - anecdotal or otherwise , exist anywhere about the relationship and/or collaboration between Clive Barker and David Cronenberg . I simply can not get my mind around the fact that David Cronenberg appear as a mere actor in a Clive Barker film . do any additional information on the subject actually exist ? finally , it be be 17 year since the film be release , and I have hope there would have be a sequel by now . do anyone out there know if there be any plan in the make that never come to fruition , or if in fact there be plan even now for a sequel ?
as a avid reader of Clive Barker , I truly anticipate this film prior to it be release ... I be not let down . `` nightbreed '' be a horse of a different color . Rich in the underlie decay of western civilization and drip with alternative existence in a way we have never see before . Barker be at he best when he allow we to peek into he world of unprecedented horror , yet show we the other side of the coin . here the `` Monsters '' be the hideously beautiful being , while the human be the deceptively ugly creature of self indulgence . we soon learn that we be wrong all along . by far my favorite performance by the often under-used Craig Sheffer , and the add bonus of David Cronenberg as `` Decker '' be a cast best see then believe . the `` Monsters '' be portray flawlessly by a bevy of English creature master , whom many also bring the `` Cenobites '' to life in `` Hellraiser '' , include `` Pinhead '' himself Doug Bradley . `` nightbreed '' be a absolute must see for any fan of the horror genre , and anyone who need just a little -lrb- something -rrb- more out of they horror story . this be Clive Barker at he finest .
I be at school in the late sixty and early seventy and this film be very much how my school be . the school play where the lead actor kiss , that happen at my school . a crazy gang of lad , my school again only when we go on a cross country run we would have a smoke ! ` get the whack ' , some one at my school break in through a sky light and break the cane ! after that they be keep in a safe !!! and as for certain nocternal activity ! what can I say ... the film actually come out in 1982 , I remember that as it be when I buy my house and the film be show at the same time . if you like british film and film about school , grow up and period piece , then this be for you . another film very much like it , ` swalk ' , come out a few year before and I for one would like to see that again , also ` ke ' be in the genre . highly recommend . -lrb- but trust I , 1982 be when it come out -rrb-
I enjoy this film . the way these mutant look , along with the tone of the film , be very good . plus , David Cronenberg as Philip K. Decker be great ! it make I wonder if he personality be exactly the same in real life -lrb- except for the killing of course -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I be impress with the creature for this film , although this movie probably have a somewhat low budget , the mutants/creatures/monsters look great , especially from 1990 . this be definitely a unique film and not crap . it make I want to go find a read the novellum it be base off of . this be a interesting film because it show how human can be monster and the `` monster '' be the one with humanity .
I just watch nightbreed for the first time since see it in the theater almost 20 year ago , and while I remember like it at the time , I do not remember be blow away by it like I be today . I really can not complain about anything in this movie . Craig Scheffer be excellent as the lead character of Boone . I never understand why he have not have a more successful career , because most of he early work be outstanding . as good as Scheffer be , Cronenberg be even better . he portrayal of the psycho Dr. Decker be unforgettable , and steal the show . the rest of the cast , which include Doug Bradley be very good , save for the ridiculously over the top redneck sheriff . the visual be good , and in some shot great . the Danny Elfman compose score be as good as it get , and be among he best work . the ending be epic , with nonstop action for close to twenty minute . overall , nightbreed be a tremendous accomplishment for Clive Barker , and rank as my favorite of he movie , just slightly ahead of Hellraiser . 9/10
why do not critic like this movie ?? I do not get it . this be easily my favorite Clive Barker effort . `` Hellraiser '' be a bit too rough around the edge -lrb- the film just never leave that stupid house -rrb- and , let face it , `` Lord of Illusions '' do not move at all !!! I have love Barker 's write for year , especially he `` book of blood '' . terrifically entertaining . he have a vicious side to he that be totally unlike a Stephen King . he freely mix in he own homosexuality and odd religious and occultic element . I love love love love it . I also realize , however , that Barker be as much a dark fantasy writer as he be a horror writer . and fantasy just be not my bag . put I right to sleep . Always have . I also think Barker work best with short story . he novel tend to wander a bit . that be my experience when try to read `` the damnation game '' . it start out well . then 100 page in I think `` where be this go ? '' because it be not go anywhere . <br /> <br /> I read `` Cabal '' -lrb- the book nightbreed be base on -rrb- and think it be good . I especially like the elaboration on Decker 's character . the way the mask talk to he and control he . I like the way barker simply present it . black and white . there it be . he give it a simplicity that be attractive and believable . when ask why Decker kill he say -lrb- simply -rrb- `` because I like it '' . probably something Jeffrey Dahmer say at some point . <br /> <br /> but I actually like the film nightbreed better than Cabal . I adore the visual attention to detail that Barker give to he film . adore it . I think it be just beautiful . Lord of Illusions have some of this as well . some of the drawing in the beginning , during the nightbreed credit sequence . it be like a entire vocabulary Barker dream up just for the nightbreed world . I would be curious to know how much be purely he design . I know he be a amazing artist who he own style and language as a artist . <br /> <br /> nightbreed be also -lrb- I think -rrb- barker be most entertaining film . it move very quickly . well edit . it do not drag like Lord of Illusions do a little bit . very quick . everything in it be just perfect . it also work as a fantastic and scary little slasher movie . the stuff with the killer in the beginning kill the family and later torment the old man in the shop be really scary stuff . that mask be frightening . I would be curious to know if Barker design that as well . it be not just a hokey Jason or `` scream '' - type mask . something about it be really disturbing . <br /> <br /> anyway , this be a great flick . definitely check it out if you have not see it . highly recommend . one of my favorite horror film of all time . in my opinion Clive BArker 's best . it be scary and violent though , be warn
if you be look for a original horror flick , this might be the one for you . it be strange and at time linger on stupidity , but it be just such a good look , nice sound and original movie , it never fail , except maybe during the over long climax . `` nightbreed '' be a must see for horror fan , or for fan of monster movie make-up . <br /> <br /> Boone -lrb- Craig Sheffer -rrb- have be have dream of a town call Midian full of mutant creature . in therapy , he psychiatrist Dr. Decker -lrb- horror director David Cronenberg -rrb- have come to the conclusion that Boone be a murderer , and give he hallucinogenic pill , and tell he to turn himself in . after almost get kill , Boone end up at the hospital , where he run into a mental patient who also know about Midian , and tell Boone where to go . Midian , located in a graveyard , be inhabit by vile mutant creature that do not let Boone in . after escape with only a nasty bite , Boone be shoot dead by the police , who be lead to he location by Dr. Decker . but Boone be not dead . the bite cause he to live , and he go off to Midian . meanwhile , Boone 's girlfriend Lori -lrb- Anne Bobby -rrb- try to find Boone and get to the bottom of this . when Dr. Decker also find out about this place , chaos ensue . <br /> <br /> the plot seem long and complicate , but it really be not hard to understand . the plot , among other thing , make this movie really interesting . the make-up effect be astounding . the creature look unique and amazing , and make this a very appealing film . to add to more sens appeal , we have a musical score by Danny Elfman , that be both lush and bouncy , and fit the film like a glove . the shot in the movie be also set up beautifully . the cinematography be lovely , and the movie set up a atmosphere that be never break . even the acting be good , with the biggest surprise be director David Cronenberg give a great , menacing performance as the man , who for one reason or another , want to see Boone dead . it be odd for a horror film to be this well do . <br /> <br /> the problem with the movie ... well there be a few , but the positive outweigh the negative . the script feature the occasional lame joke to try and add some humor , but almost every one fall flat . the mutant creature look great and for the most part be well act , but sometimes it feel like they be just pose they awesome makeup for the camera . the worst part of the film would have to be the climax . it take so long , and be just constant chaos . it be the portion of the film that move from individual character and nice tight knit shot , to fiery explosion from each direction and violence happen to character we do not know or care about . <br /> <br /> overall , this movie be amazing to look at . it be a well do horror film , but even with that say , it have the occasional failure in character 's line , and a messy climax . nonetheless , this be one to check out . <br /> <br /> my rating : *** out of **** . 101 min . r for strong violence and language .
adapt he own novel `` Cabal '' for the screen , author / screenwriter / director Clive Barker fashion this marvelous story of outré horror and fantasy . Craig Sheffer play Boone , a young man who become suspect of be a serial killer . the cop gun he down in front of Midian , on the surface a cemetery but which be actually a haven for monster that have be shun by society . when they lay claim to Boone and make he one of they own , this cause repercussion for everybody , include Boone 's sweet girlfriend -lrb- the very cute Anne Bobby -rrb- and dubious psychiatrist -lrb- a most enjoyable David Cronenberg -rrb- . <br /> <br /> `` nightbreed '' display the kind of wild and twisted imagination that I do not see in movie all that often . for one thing , Ralph McQuarrie , a old hand at conceptual art have work on such film as the initial three `` Star Wars '' entry , help Barker to create excellent visual for `` nightbreed '' , start right away with the open credit sequence . the visual and makeup effect be elaborate , and production design and cinematography quite impressive . Barker and crew do a wonderful job at create this whole other world with compelling character . it be colorful and flamboyant entertainment and be a pleasure to take in . and of course there be the strong sense of social commentary regard intolerance and bigotry , not to mention the heavy consequence that can result from a person 's action . <br /> <br /> great support performance add to the fun . Cronenberg ooze lot of malevolent intent and be a real gas as the bad doctor , while Charles Haid be a fine love-to-hate-him type of antagonist , a rather nasty police captain . Doug `` Pinhead '' Bradley once again get bury under heavy makeup as the weary Lylesberg , and be solid as a rock . Hugh Ross be great fun as Narcisse , as be Catherine Chevalier as Rachel -lrb- as a add bonus , she bare she breast in one sequence -rrb- . Simon Bamford , who play the `` Butterball Cenobite '' in the first two `` Hellraiser '' picture , turn up here as well . there be even a cool cameo by 50 's and 60 's sci-fi star John Agar . <br /> <br /> Danny Elfman supply another of he fantastic score , and Barker lead we steadily through the intriguing story towards a terrific apocalyptic showdown . <br /> <br /> `` nightbreed '' be a excellent genre film worth check out for anybody who have not see it . I give it a hearty recommendation . <br /> <br /> 9/10
nightbreed be definitely my most favorite movie , I have wear more than one tape as it be . the make-up be awesome , the story be lovely . it take a few different twist and be not quite as deep as the story it be base on -lrb- Cabal , by Clive Barker -rrb- but for a movie adaption it stay very true to source material . the only problem with this movie be the producer 's vain attempt to turn it into a teen slasher movie , hence the change end to allow for sequel * eye roll * . apparently someday we be go to be get a director 's cut that will -lrb- I hope -rrb- clear up this bit of nonsense . until then , I would suggest it to anyone who like dark fantasy type horror as oppose to Freddy/Jason/Micheal type slasher . I really do not know what would be comparable ...
do not ask I why I love this movie so much ... maybe it come at a time in my life I desperately want to fit in , maybe it be the amazing monster effect , maybe because I enjoy the novel `` Cabal '' , but it be probably because I love Clive Barker . I think it be fair to warn you the movie and the novel have no true resolve and like I you 'll probably have a wtf moment at the end . at least two sequel be plan but never come about due to the fact the movie flop for a few reason . the studio make drastic cut to the film cut a good 30 or so minute out of it and they do a horrible job promote it . the advert make it look like just another cheap slasher show mainly the `` Button face/Mask '' Decker character . this be a movie about the monster ! about fantasy ! about a place call Midian ! it be a story where the monster be the good guy . there be truly nothing else out there like it ! it be not a movie for everybody I suppose but it stand as one of Clive 's many great work . Sit back and be prepare to be take to Midian - where the monster be .
nightbreed be not only great , it be also unique , even take into account other Barker 's movie , which never lack originality . a amazing adaptation of a very interesting idea for a book . for the horror genre , it have quite a few of subtle symbolic and reference . certainly a lot of fun to have , a a bit to think about , if one care to . and , not to forget , a nice music score . well , the special effect , as usual , get old faster than anything , but that be probably the only drawback . I have just see it again after ten year , and I still find it something to recommend .
what be fun about Barker 's nightbreed be that it be the story of a human on a rampage , a deadly threat to monster everywhere . in this one , the monster -lrb- the night breed of the title -rrb- be the `` good '' guy . it share its sense of celebrate the different , the twisted , and the dark with the first Addams Family movie , and much of Tim Burton 's work . it also have the goriness that one expect from a piece by Barker . <br /> <br /> especially fun be the performance by Cronenberg as the truly evil human doctor who be bent on destroy the nightbreed . as happen in most classic monster movie , the villager surround the monster ' castle with torch and pitchfork . only this time , the modern setting replace the castle with a old mausoleum and the rustic `` weapon '' with gun and bomb . and this time the sympathy you feel when you see Frankenstein 's monster burn in the windmill be the very center of the movie . <br /> <br /> this be not a masterpiece , and even Barker have do more interesting , and certainly more chilling , work . but it be pure fun , it look great , and remain light without mock itself . Worth a look !
I be peeve that the best make-up academy award go to Dick Tracy , a horrible film with horrible make-up . the nightbreed -lrb- base on the better title `` Cabal '' novellum -rrb- look terrific , the acting be excellent and David Chroneburg make for a truly creepy and terrific antagonist . <br /> <br /> the plot focus 's on Aaron Boone , who have recur nightmare about a society of monster live under a cemetery . be he make it up or be they real and call to he ? he pyschologist -lrb- chroneburg -rrb- convince he he be a murderer , a slayer of family . <br /> <br /> troubled and suicidal , Boone seek refuge in Midian but the monster do not want he at first . he be also track by he girlfriend , Lori who refuse to give up on he even after he die and come back cold and monstrous . <br /> <br /> but Decker be not about to let Boone continue on . he raise the local on a all out assault on Midian , like a holy war in god name lead by the devil . <br /> <br /> barker theme of misunderstand monster may come from he experience as a homosexual male , but they be always strong and honest . nightbreed turn the genre on it be head . the monster be just try to survive and want to be leave alone , but man be hunting they . <br /> <br /> a 20 + minute longer cut be originally submit by Barker , but the studio chop it into this fractured masterpiece . Barker be hard at work try to locate the miss footage for a director cut release . until then , this version will have to do .
although i do not like cricket at all and i have see this movie 13 year ago , I still think it be one of the best coming-of-age movie . . i remember the day i return home from my school and sit down to have my lunch , I see the opening title of that movie and then ... i be so immerse in it that i feel i be there , it really affect I personally . i still remember how i feel when i first see it , i feel that the poor boy be a friend of mine , go through the same adolescent experience we be have in those day . what i really like about that movie be the main theme of a `` shy '' boy fantasize about `` kiss '' he dream girl , no offense but if that be a american movie , you would certainly see-at a certain point , mainly climax - the `` shy '' boy `` make love '' to he girl , and i really can not grasp this contradict concept till now ... i have a simple request , if anyone know how to get this movie on a dvd by mail , please let I know cause i need a shot of memory . . thanks
it be interesting to see what people think of this movie , since it be , in fact , quite unique -lrb- though it bear some of the trademark of Clive Barker 's writing -rrb- . even though it might seem a bit cynical to say so , the movie be just intricate enough to deflect those that need standard Hollywood plot hook , and layered , so that if you expect to be feed , you will see a normal monster flick with lot of monster and a disjointed plot . <br /> <br /> those who need a linear , specific and untangled plot line will hate this movie , because the story lie , like in the novellum , partially between the line , or in this case , partially off screen , in comment and the imagination . <br /> <br /> another possible hang-up be the end , of which I can say , without spoil it , that it be not entirely good and not entirely bad . it be , in fact , not very define at all , which I know send some people into rage tantrum about that they do not get to know what happen , but to I , and to many other , I be sure , just add another dimension to the story - the dimension of speculation , and , in addition , the point that great disruption have a tendency to cause ripple that extend quite far . <br /> <br /> there be definitely moral here , but of a rather different kind than the standard Hollywood in-your-face-at-the-end-of-the-movie sort of display . sum that moral up be simple , even though it be not quite that simply display ; prejudice and the human tendency to hate the different . <br /> <br /> I love this movie , even though , as many of the reviewer have note , the expression of the actor -lrb- with the exception of David Cronenberg , who do a wonderful appearance -rrb- be rather tacky . I be not sure they be entirely to blame for they rickety appearance and lack of depth , though , see that these be common problem in convert literature to screenplay . <br /> <br /> all in all , this be a great movie , provide that you do not expect it to be a standard horror movie .
this movie be really well write and be very entertaining.there be great act in it too . Luke Perry do a very convincing job . -lrb- like he always do -rrb- if you be look for a eventful movie to watch this should be at the top of you list . there be a mixture of comedy , drama , and action . you can literally feel what the actor be feel at point . I be very impressed by this movie . the special effect be very well do . the whole movie be very convincing . this movie be one of my favorite . what happen be North America could be tear apart and Jack and he team have to try and to stop a eruption by destroy North America . it be a very cool and creative idea . I love this movie and i know you will too .
this be a story of a long and awkward love . the daily life of a woman of 50 year old and some people around she be depict . she daily life be so ordinary and routine that I doubt who be the real lead character in the beginning . then the audience know that the woman and a man who be she high-school class mate have very tiny connection . the woman have be do the same job - a milk-woman and a supermarket casher - so long . there be so many slope that deliver milk bottle be a very hard job . the man have marry another woman , who be now die of cancer . he work at the City Hall and devotedly care she at home . they never look straight nor talk each other , but they never forget each other . <br /> <br /> the original japanese title mean `` at some time the day you read book '' . but of course when the man say `` now I want to do what I have always want to do '' , it be to hug she and make love with she . she write to a radio disk jockey that `` if God give we time to talk , we need at least a whole day '' . dream of that day , she have be sublimate the desire in hard work and book reading . I personally know a woman who have love a man for long year , even after he marry another woman and die for a accident . therefore the story setting be not that special . rather , this movie well portray unspoken romance in many ordinary man and woman . through this movie , you will recall you romance that be lose long ago . this be a movie with lasting effect .
the storyline of the Milkwoman be a simple one of unrequited love that despite the passing of decade still remain strong . now 50 year old , Minako Obha -lrb- Yuko Tanaka -rrb- live alone and work two job -- one as a checkout clerk in a supermarket , the other as a milklady , do she daily round on the hill of Nagasaki . one of she stop be at the house of Kaita Takanashi -lrb- Ittoku Kishibe -rrb- , a government official who tend to he terminally ill wife Yoko -lrb- Akiko Nishina -rrb- . Minako and Kaita use to see each other as school child , but after the death of Minako 's mother and kaita 's father , who it seem be have a affair together , they own relationship be destroy . lie in she sick bed , Yoko know however that she husband 's feeling for the milklady be not completely go and , for the sake of Kaita after she have die , she attempt to engineer a means of bring they back together . <br /> <br /> while the story might be simple , the emotion it deal with and the means by which it express they be really where the heart and beauty of the film lie . the film take its time to show the simple daily routine of each of the character , they action be record by a old lady who be write they story for a book while look after she own husband who be show sign of dementia . in the process it depict the social circumstance of people from different way of life , how they interact with each other on a daily basis , how relationship form , and how past and present can collide . the director handle this marvellously with a strong structure and visual style . it be only later in the film that the story start to follow a more conventional and inevitably melodramatic path , as if it be indeed be construct to fit the narrative structure of the book that be be write . it be all validate by the emotional depths the film touch , represent most effectively in the exceptional performance of Yuko Tanaka .
I guess those who have be in a one-sided relationship of some sort before will be able identify with the lead character Minako -lrb- Yuko Tanaka -rrb- , a 50 year old woman who be still in the pink of good health , as demonstrate by she daily , grind routine of wake up extremely early in the morning to prepare for she milk delivery work , where she have to lug bottle of Megmilk in a bag in a route around she town like clockwork , to exchange empty bottle for full one , and to collect payment and issue receipt . and there be always be that one delivery stop that be right at the top , need to scale a long flight of stair in order to achieve customer satisfaction . <br /> <br /> and peculiar enough , that stop happen to be a stop deliver to a man with whom she have be in love with for almost all she teenage to adult life , and not have the product appreciate , but pour down the sink . have go to the same school , we see that they be not talk to each other , and in they daily life always seem so close physically , but yet so far away . there be no eye contact , save for cursory glance by chance , and little acknowledgement of each other 's existence . we learn that they share a past that probably destroy all notion of be together , where clear attraction between the two be hamper from develop further by the earlier generation . <br /> <br /> while I think Minako be a interesting woman in herself , one who have keep she feeling suppress for so long , one can only wonder what kind of damage it would do . if I read that the original japanese title mean `` at some time the day you read book '' and it be accurate , I feel the movie have a wonderful finale with that shot of she well stock bookcase , likely allude to the fact that she be not alone after all , and have probably fall back on she crutch of sort to deal with the pain of be alone , and back to a lifestyle which she have already be accustom to for 50 year . besides immerse herself in two job , she have those book which serve as a form of escapism , and occasionally pen little sweet nothing to song dedication show on the radio . <br /> <br /> Yuko Tanaka do a commendable job as the emotionally strong woman resign to she fate and she decision to love none other , she object of affection , Takanashi -lrb- Ittoku Kishibe -rrb- be a more interesting character who have more facet . stay true to marriage vow , he spend significant amount of screen time look after he sickly bedridden wife -lrb- play by Akiko Nishina -rrb- , while juggle with he job of social welfare in the Children 's Affairs department in City Hall . I feel that as a childless couple , the job provide he a means to care , not for he own , but for other people 's child , the troubled one who be neglect and leave to fend for themselves . in a rare moment of rage , we see how he angrily chide such wayward parent who do not appreciate and waste they child 's life away . <br /> <br /> the story by Kenji Aoki provide little quirk to make its character appeal and successfully attempt to provide a lot more glimpse and dimension into they as well , such as how Takanashi be a hopeless Haiku poet despite be a member of the Haiku club , and support character such as the aged Minagawa couple , where Masao -lrb- Koichi Ueda -rrb- lend some comical though sad moment as he slowly turn senile , while wife Toshiko -lrb- Misako Watanabe -rrb- narrate and bring we through this love story of a single woman at 50 . even Akiko Nishina 's performance as the bedridden wife be nothing short of arrest , with she character 's enlighten state of know she husband 's past , and make unselfish , and painful decision in she sickly state . <br /> <br /> it be what you can expect from a typical japanese romantic movie , san young , nubile lead as star-crossed lover , but with all other element in place such as romantic set up , love song and those quintessential restrained but affectionate behaviour . I think the story be in danger of go down the beaten track when unrequited love get consummate , but director Akira Ogata manage to steer clear of the usual melodramatic moment in such story , though the story do call for some obvious plot development into the final act that you can predict , especially if you be already way past you Romance movie 101 . <br /> <br /> not be you average lovey-dovey story , I think the Milkwoman tell a strong story with unrequited love as a central theme , and frankly a recommend romance movie -lrb- though tell at a measure pace -rrb- if you be in the mood for some bittersweet loving , reminiscence , and seek to live without regret .
lead actor Yuko Tanaka fulfil so much in the exceptionally meditative `` the Milkwoman , '' a tranquil canvass on miss chance in the life of a 50-something woman , chart she routine with sincerely poignant motive . play out in the picturesque , tranquil town of Nagasaki , Akira Ogata 's unconventional romantic film , so to speak , be less a straight-out melodrama than a deliberate introspection of its character ' surrender to they current life as a result of a tragic past that force they to a choice they do not call for . <br /> <br /> perfectly embody the requisite world-weariness subject to a spiritless routine , Tanaka play Minako Oba , a middle-aged woman who , before she work shift at a supermarket , take it upon herself to deliver bottle of milk among the resident of the hilly Nagasaki . one of the house she constantly pass by to make such a delivery be that of Kaita Takanashi -lrb- Ittoku Kishibe -rrb- , a local government employee care for she terminally ill wife -lrb- Akiko Nishina -rrb- . Minako and Kaita be high school sweetheart who , courtesy of a ignominious event concern they parent , separated way since then . <br /> <br /> open he film with the foreboding narration of a young Minako vow never to leave Nagasaki , Ogata do as such with the narrative , patiently stick with Minako as he , deftly aid by Tanako 's understate yet highly effective performance , follow she -- whether she be have chitchat with she aunt -lrb- Misako Watanabe -rrb- on be single , or when she jog up and down the countless footstep of they hilly town to distribute milk -- as she and Kaita gradually overcome the hindrance that keep they apart for year . such unhurried development may not suit viewer wean on fast-paced narrative but for the rest , it be a heartfelt introspection that affect powerfully and emphatically .
a gem from Japan , where so many of the world 's best film be be make today . stylistically , this be not anything all that special . it be just a simple drama -lrb- with some comic overtone -rrb- about recognizable people go about they life . Yuko Tanaka , best know for voice the character Lady Eboshi in Princess Mononoke , play a 50 year old spinster . she be take pride in she health , spend each morning in a vigorous workout as she deliver milk up and down the steep hill of Nagasaki . after she be do with this part time job , she work she regular job as a clerk at a grocery store -lrb- call S-Mart , which make this Army of darkness fan giggle -rrb- . along she milk route live a 50 year old man , whose wife be die . it turn out the milk woman and the man , a child service worker , date in high school , and each apparently still have something of a crush on the other . the film actually have some major narrative problem . when the screenwriter actually want the two unrequited lover to unite , he use a pretty unbelievable deus ex machina technique . the climactic sequence be also really force . but most of the film be beautifully small and observant of the two main character , as well as many side character . the film also have several subplot that seem like they will eventually weigh the film down , but never end up do so . I think the best thing in the film be Tanaka 's heartbreaking performance as the lonely milk woman , who have resign herself to be alone for the rest of she life . whatever the problem be , the film mostly transcend they .
some people may call `` Cooley High '' the same sort of thing as `` american graffitus '' , but I would not . for starter , in `` AG '' , everyone be white , whereas in `` ch '' they be all black . moreover , this one have a motown soundtrack . specifically , the movie focus on several working-class african-american student in 1964 Chicago and they antic . the movie deal mainly with home life and relationship . in they apartment , we see that there be never any dad around . but these young man always know how to live life to the fullest . <br /> <br /> one thing that really distinguish this movie from most other portrayal of black people be that the teenager in this movie be portray as very responsible , worry about miss school . two really funny scene be the gorilla scene , and the one white guy in the movie . but overall , the main star be the soundtrack . it be truly one of the best soundtrack in movie history -lrb- we even have it on vinyl here at home -rrb- . a classic in the real sense of the word .
you want a movie that 'll take you place ? well this be a good pick . if you be a adolescent in the era portray in this film -- the hayday of Motown -- or if you want to reach back and see what you parent make so much noise about , I suggest you pick up this flick and give it a watch . at the risk of sound cliche , you 'll laugh , you 'll cry , you 'll reminisce and remember . you 'll go back to a time when school violence be a fist fight . you 'll recall with fondness you best friend from school . it be a feel good movie with a edge of angst and pain and realism -- misconception , lose friend , decide what to do with you life . I think everyone regardless of race , age , socioeconomic standing can pull something from this movie and really enjoy it . so take a couple hour out of a lazy day and check out this film ; there be much worse way you could spend you time .
at the surface COOLEY HIGH be a snappy ensemble comedy masquerade as a period piece -lrb- set in the early 60 's , complete with a flawless Motown soundtrack -rrb- . but there be so much more to this film - it get better every time I see it . the cast of unknown -lrb- at the time -rrb- be excellent , and it be notable as a all-black-cast film that do not fall into any blaxpoitation clichés - at time COOLEY HIGH almost feel like a update , urban neo-realist film , with lot of edgy humor add in . at time , the rather tight budget do show , but the constraint actually serve the film well - there be a grit and honesty of emotion here that lend the film a immediacy lack in most similar-minded film -lrb- like Schultz ' later car wash , which be more popular , but largely pointless -rrb- warm-hearted but also true-to-life , this might be one of the sleeper of the 70s - celebrate at the time , it seem that few film freak know about this one today . they loss - this be a fine , fine film . <br /> <br /> the bare-bones pan-and-scan dvd -lrb- no widescreen !?! -rrb- be testament to just how little cared-for this excellent film be .
Postwar England , the dawn of the `` atomic age '' . yet , the worry of a young schoolboy yearning to experience he first `` kiss '' can not be derail by something as inconsequential as the bomb . this be a delightful if not educational look at young love from the vantage point of a adolescent male and he world of the <br /> <br /> 1940 's . Free of political correctness and preachy message , this film expose the viewer to the world that only the mind -lrb- and <br /> <br /> hormone -rrb- of a young teenager can create . wonderful subplot <br /> <br /> maintain character interest ala `` Gregory 's Girl '' , and plenty <br /> <br /> of well block shot help keep up the imagery of this era . this be a very good story for anyone , young or old , who have <br /> <br /> ever be in love , or ever want to be . do he ever get he wish ? watch it and see .
this film hold my interest from the begin to the very end with plenty of laugh and real down to earth acting by the entire cast . Glynn Turman , -lrb- Preach Jackson -rrb- be the star of the picture play the role of a smart guy who like poetry and have a very sexy girl friend . Lawrence Hilton Jacobs , -lrb- Cochise Morris -rrb- be a outstanding athlete at the Cooley H.S. and even win a scholarship to a famous college . there be scene in this picture with the Chicago Police Department chase all these dude in a Cadillac and a visit to the Lincoln Park zoo with monkey dung be throw around . the music be outstanding and there be great photography around the city of Chicago . great Film , enjoy .
the movie be very good when it come out , I attend Cooley High and Cooley upper grade center , around 1968 i be also home come queen and grow up and live in the area of Cabrini Greens , i know a lot of people in the movie , it be nice to see friend in the movie that live in the area also , and they have a chance to be a star that may have be a once in a life time experience for they , i have good time grow up on the north side and tough time i can relate to the movie Cooley High be no longer stand but a person like myself and other still remember the fun we have grow up attend Cooley High , there be a lot of history around this north side area to be tell .
Cooley High be actually a drama with moment of comedy . it be a reflection of high school life back in the day . I attend Coolidge High in Washington , D.C. from 1976 to 1979 and much of what be in Cooley High be a every day thing at Coolidge . as a matter of fact after the movie come out everybody start call Coolidge `` Cooley High . '' get high , shooting dice , chase girl , basement party , and fight , that sum up high school life for many in D.C. back in the day . I can not forget Motown because Motown music begin and end many a day back in the 70 . the hit just keep come . however , Cooley High add a layer of humanity over the craziness because when all be say and do just like in Cooley High my classmate and I have a lot of love for each other . and like the character in Cooley High there be life after high school , but there be nothing like wake up every morning and experience each day to the fullest from homeroom to seventh period . thirty year later we be get ready to celebrate those good time . Cooley High be definitely a period piece that just get better with time because like it or not the only thing leave from those day be memory , some good , and some bad .
this this come of age dramedy set in Chicago in the early 60 's , we follow a group of highschool friend as they navigate through the up and downs of they life . the two central character be Leroy `` Preach '' Jackson -lrb- Turman -rrb- and he best friend Richard `` Cochise '' Morris -lrb- Hilton-Jacobs . -rrb- both of these boy have promising future . preach be a great writer but a lazy student , and Cochise have just receive a college scholarship for basketball . when they be not hang out at the local diner shooting crap with they friend , or hang out at a friend house or chase girl , they be skip school , ride the train through Chicago or go to quarter party on the weekend . <br /> <br /> thing go wrong when Preach and Cochise make the mistake of get involve with two hood and go joyride in a steal car . the police pursue they and they be arrest . but thanks to the effort of a concerned teacher -lrb- snl 's Garrett Morris -rrb- they be release . but the two hood be not , and vow to get revenge on Preach and Cochise , think they blame the whole thing on they . <br /> <br /> this movie be very episodic , but it still work because that what life be , a series of episode . some funny , some sad , some romantic , some bizarre . the film never get boring because all the character be so well play and realistic , and the situation be all believable and relatable . like preach romantically pursue a beautiful girl , or a party turn violent when some asshole decide to start a fight , or deal with a bratty younger sibling . but even when a situation be not personally relatable , like the guy pretend to be undercover cop to con a hooker out of some money so they could get all they friend into a movie , the sequence be still hilarious . <br /> <br /> ` Cooley High ' be the basis for the classic 70 's sitcom ` what be Happenin ! ' which air on ABC from 1976-1979 . even though the show be most famous for the character Rerun , he be not in this film , nor be there any character remotely like he . the humor of that show be very broad , but still funny . the humor of ` Cooley High ' be truer to life , and thus more entertaining . <br /> <br /> additionally , the soundtrack be wonderful . classic song from that period by Diana Ross & The Supremes , the temptation , Martha & the Vandellas , and Smokey Robinson play throughout the film , add to the fun , youthful , exuberant tone of the film .
... instead , watch it as a great come of age tale about african american male in the mid 1960 's in the ghetto of Chicago . for all of you out there under the age of 50 , `` what be happen '' be a light-hearted rather quirky sitcom with very few serious moment that last four year -lrb- 1975-1979 -rrb- concern a group of young african american high school kid live in a work class neighborhood . I like it a great deal - it just have no real connection to this film . `` Cooley High '' start out as be the basis for `` what be happen '' , but its serious nature do not register well with test audience , so it be redone as a comedy , even though the credit on `` what be happen '' still read that it be base on this movie . <br /> <br /> this film start out light , but touch many aspect of life unique to the turbulent 1960 's and also some other aspect of grow up that be timeless . the guy deal with sex , betrayal , joblessness , hopelessness , and even early death . the end be quite powerful and serious , and the film have a great motown soundtrack . highly recommend . unfortunately , this film be not new enough to be play on premium cable channel and not consider old enough to be consider a classic movie and play in the few venue for those film either .
Cooley High be consider one of my best all time movie . it certainly remind I of day of my youth grow up in the city of Cleveland and Chicago during the early , mid , and late 1960 's . what ever happen to Brenda and Pooter ? some one need be to track those two down . Brenda for she beauty and pooter for he innocent wit . they both deserve to be recognize even 31 year after this film be debut . I think a lot of the fan of this movie would like to find out what happen to they as well as other who act in this fun fill movie . I certainly think this movie should be enter into some type of MOVIE HALL of FAME . all of the cast of this movie be great . my opinion be of '' Cooley High '' be turn back the hand of time , those be the fun year .
Cooley High be such a great film that even with the period 's sound track , urban landscape , wardrobe and slang ... it still do not feel dated . the sound track by the way be a timeless classic in itself . <br /> <br /> instead it absorb you right into it . that be a staple of a good movie . from start to finish it do not miss a beat and I never grow tired of watch it . <br /> <br /> it be end be unique in the respect that it be one of the saddest and at the same time uplifting of all movie ending . there may have be a few since -lrb- backdraft come to mind -rrb- but Cooley be the first and much more emotional .
`` Cooley High '' be one of my favorite movie ever !!! I think I see this movie year ago on late night tv with my mother when I be little and I think it be so funny . this movie be also refer to as a `` black american graffitus '' . Glynn Turman be wonderful as Preach and Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs be great as Preach 's friend Cochise . there be some other great character in it as well , and this movie have a lot of humor pack into it . from the beginning of the movie where Cochise go to preach 's home to get ready for school to the sad ending of Cochise 's funeral , this movie be one that will get you laugh all the way . there be a lot of scene in this film that I like a lot . the scene where Pooter -lrb- another one of Preach and Cochise 's friend -rrb- go to the zoo with they and get the gorilla 's fece throw on he shirt -lrb- very gross , but funny as well -rrb- , the first scene in the street corner cafeteria , the quarter party at this girl 's house which become a disaster due to a fight , and some other be wonderful to watch . this movie even have a wonderful companion soundtrack album , which be pack with a lot of wonderful Motown hit and artist from the early 60 -lrb- only 6 song on the soundtrack be do in ' 75 , while the rest be from the '60 -rrb- . the movie be mainly about two friend who dream about get away from they impoverished and rough neighborhood after high school , but they future seem almost out of reach , due to they innocent joy ride in a steal car that two other hood be responsible for , and Preach 's relationship with he girlfriend , Brenda -lrb- play by Cynthia Davis -rrb- almost get put in jeopardy . go out and rent or buy this movie , and be ready for a load of comical entertainment !!! get the soundtrack , too . it be a lot of fun as well !!!
this be the very first movie I ever see in my life back in 1974 or 1975 . I be 4 year old at the time and see it at a drive-in theatre . I do not grasp that this would be a classic at the time -lrb- I go to sleep about twenty minute into the movie -rrb- . after see it on the television-along with two of my other favourite movie car Wash -lrb- my favourite movie -rrb- and the wiz which seem to come on every year about the same time all together-about 40 , 50 , 75 time I know that here be a movie that I would have as one of my favourite . those three movie be the only live action show that I could watch as a child . <br /> <br /> I would not consider this to be a blaxploitation movie but rather a urban interest movie.cochise and preach remind I of some of my uncle especially the Wild Irish Rose that they drink . my mother also tell I about some of the quarter party that she attend and that some of the thing that occur in the movie be similar in nature to what occur in real life . if you be one of the two or three black people over thirty who have not see this movie yet then I recommend that you buy the dvd right now . I be glad that I be around to witness some of the going on of the era .
read this : <br /> <br /> BOYZ 'N the hood be a scene-by-scene , COMPLETE RIP-OFF of THIS MOVIE . <br /> <br /> two friend in the hood , one 's focus on intellectual pursuit and the other be a athlete . the friend who be a athlete get involve with the wrong people and get kill . -lrb- the athlete just happen to be Washington from ` welcome back , Kotter ' . -rrb- <br /> <br /> it make I mad that people do not know this . it blow my mind everytime I go into a video store and Boyz 'n the Hood be in the ` drama ' section while Cooley High be in ` comedy ' . it be a embarrassing disgrace . this movie be both funnier and more dramatic than John Singleton 's rip-off . at least Singleton could have have the dignity to speak out that he film be homage to Cooley High , but no , he never say a word . boy 2 man , however , name they hit record after this film .
there be a great danger when you watch a film that have have such a profound affect on you the first time around , that 20 year later , it wont hold the same magic as it do before . I must admit i wasnt expect it to be as good as i remembered but a be pleasently suprised . P'tang Yang Kipperbang be still as fantastic as i remember it when i be a 12 year old . this film have a certain type of brilliance that not many film possess . it be engross , it be briliantly act and best of all it make I feel like a kid again and there isnt many thing that can do that . John Albasiny and Abigail Cruttenden 's roll in this film be 1st class and i have forget how good they be until now . I urge any parent of teenager to sit they down and watch this and see if it have the same affect on they as it do on I . P'TANG YANG KIPPERBANG eehhh ! 10 out of 10 .
this film set the standard for african-american film excellence when it be make . I hear on various story on the film through time , that there be a push for a academy award nomination when it be release . this film play on various emotion , and you definitely feel for all of the character . sure , some of the acting be a little wooden , but fortunately , those part be not pivotal . the music be sensational , and if you do not think the end be a tear-jerker , you have no heart in you chest . if you watch `` Cooley High '' , you will see that many , many film have copy various element from it in order to strengthen they own film . the biggest example of this be `` Boyz N The Hood '' .
now , I be not prone to much emotion , but I cry see this movie . it certainly have more appeal among black than other ethnic group , but there be something here for everyone . the classic song `` it be so hard to say Goodbye '' really make this one worth watch at least once .
shameless Screen Entertainment be a relatively new and british -lrb- I think -rrb- dvd-label , specialize in smutty and excessively violent cult movie -- mostly italian one - from the glorious era when everything be possible , namely from the late 60 's up until the mid-80 's . the label 's selection feel like a crossover between the oeuvre of `` Mondo Macabro '' and `` no shame '' -lrb- they probably even borrow the name of the latter -rrb- and they already release some really rare sick italian puppy like `` Ratman '' , `` my Dear killer '' , `` killer nun '' , `` Phantom of Death '' and `` Torso '' . `` the frightened Woman '' be completely unknown to I , but since fellow reviewer from around here , whose opinion I hugely value , describe it as one of the greatest and most mesmerizing psychedelic euro-sexploitation movie of its era , I do not hesitate to pick it up . this be a very weird film and probably not suitable for about 99 % of the average cinema-loving audience . if you be part of that remain 1 % , however , you be in for a really unique treat . the style , atmosphere and content be similar to Jess Franco 's `` Succubus '' and Massimo Dallamano 's `` Venus in Furs '' , yet they be both widely consider as classic whereas `` the frightened Woman '' be virtually unknown . it be all a matter of profiling and good marketing , I guess . the story revolve on a literally filthy rich doctor -lrb- he live in a gigantic secluded mansion , own multiple old-timer car and have a very impressive collection of artsy relic include a life-size mannequin doll replica of himself -rrb- with a bizarre and slightly offbeat attitude towards woman . he consider they a threat for the survival of the male race and thus spend he day kidnapping , humiliating and sexually abuse random he pick up from the street . Dr. Sayer then abduct the ambitious journalist Maria with the intention to completely crush she female spirit , but he slowly fall for she . just he start to believe in actual love , she strike back with a vengeance . this really be not for everyone , but if you can appreciate moody & sinisterly sexy ambiance , bizarre scenery toy and psychedelic touch that seem utterly implausible and surreal , you can consider this one a top recommendation . it be slow , stylishly sleazy and totally bonkers ... shameless entertainment , all right !
Dr. Sayer -lrb- Philippe Leroy -rrb- , a wealthy physician with psychological issue regard the opposite sex , kidnap a employee , Maria -lrb- Dagmar Lassander -rrb- , a free-thinking liberal woman who believe man must be the one `` fix '' instead of female . Sayer retreat to he palatial estate , run Maria through a humiliating series of mind game , threaten to molest and kill she . Sayer 's desire , it seem , be to dominate she body , mind and soul , make she he sexual slave , obey he command , adhering to he every wish and whim . after resistance , at first , Maria slowly teeter towards he objective , but have plan of she own . . she say she wish to help Sayer relinquish he sadistic behavior towards woman , so that he could love and not feel such yearning desire to harm . it seem that Sayer have she under he grip , agree to certain rather embarrassing scenario -lrb- . . such as lotion he toe , `` make love '' to a blow-up doll which be a recreation of himself , often spend time topless , and even get hose down when she slap he hard across the face bring blood from he nose -rrb- which almost break she , but something happen as the troubled doctor slowly fall in love with Maria . . and through what appear to be a desperate attempt to end the madness , Maria gain a upper hand , toy with Sayer 's lust for she body . <br /> <br /> more of a battle of will , a kind of sexual warfare where it seem one be in charge when in fact the other truly have the upper hand . through a great deal of the film , Sayer mistreat Maria , force she -lrb- . . it seem -rrb- to submit to he series of psychological game of a sexual nature . she attempt to escape fail because he home be such a well design fortress . . it be a typical european art deco kind of palace , fashion and orchestrate by a man who have keep to this weekend retreat of he for quite a spell -lrb- . . it feature wall and door open at he command , with a area quarantine off for he `` victim '' -rrb- . but , once Maria seemingly downs a bottle of pill as a result of she anguish at he hand , the table be turn and she have he where she want he . he find that he actually crave she and Maria use this to she advantage , play hard to get when Sayer wish to embrace and ravage she -lrb- . . and , I could understand he frustration because she have this allure that can drive a man crazy -rrb- <br /> <br /> I feel the film work , ultimately , as a war cry for woman , they empowerment and uprising against man who have the notion that they should always have control , sexually and mentally . the `` twist '' finalize this ideal . I could not swallow Sayer 's fate because of he rigorous cardiovascular activity and exercise regimen . . we see how he develop he tone athletic figure , and how this regimen be part of the normal routine every weekend before the true mind game with he victim begin . if he be so well fit , and spend such time develop himself for the extracurricular activity which follow he regimen , how could he suffer the fate which follow he finalize the deal with Maria at the end when she stop resist he advance ? <br /> <br /> Maria , he would later admit , be the first he be actually kidnap ; other from the past , call-girl , be pay for they service so that Sayer could feel the power of dominate a woman , even if it be all a fictitious charade bring about by a deeply troubled individual with a inability to connect with the opposite sex . the spontaneous decision to do so , to take a leap from the norm , cost he more than he could ever know . <br /> <br /> all this psycho-sexual sub-text be rather fascinating to see unravel , but Dagmar Lassander , such a yummy sex kitten , be my reason for enjoy it so . . without she , I could not have like it as much because she be vital as a victim worth strive to obtain . perhaps the film 's highlight , the delicious dance as lassander , clothe in gauze -lrb- ! -rrb- , unravel the wardrobe expose she breast to a jazzy score . . it be the kind of sexually seductive moment that make you mouth water and forehead sweat . Dagmar Lassander must have be a joy for fashion designer because she wear those clothes so well . . she have this kind of cool , a sophistication and screen presence along with she beauty and seductive power , Dagmar transcend the part to create a iconic character which would define she career . . even if the film be not well know -lrb- . . I find about through word of mouth -rrb- . the provocative nature of the script and risqué subject matter might not appeal to certain crowd as it deal with sex -lrb- . . and pain -rrb- in many different form , the dialogue quite illustrative and elaborative . at time , I could not help but chuckle at Sayer 's comment towards a imprison Maria , regard how he enjoy make woman suffer , and the thrill he get at force they into a type of slavery -lrb- . . in a attempt to make the word poetic , it all feel rather hokey -rrb- . but , Dagmar be the real reason to see it , and the film , to I , work at it be best as a fetish film , a possible male fantasy with this seemingly prim and proper idealist , capture and hold against she will , force into a precarious situation , she fate possibly at the mercy of a complex and possibly dangerous masochist . she submission , and how she react towards he aggressive behavior with she -lrb- . . there be time where she unfold to a waver desire to embrace he , unveil a possible attraction towards he which , in itself , might startle some who watch it -rrb- be among the most fascinating highlight of this exploitation feature . my other favorite scene , besides the dance , be the piano concerto with Sayer fondle Maria as she play a soothing melody .
if you need that instant buzz that only late 60s/early 70s Euro sex movie can give off , then look no further for you have just stumble across the mother lode ! subsequent tv director Schivazappa 's exercise in psychedelic porn -lrb- of the soft core variety -rrb- may not generally be consider as a classic of its kind but it knock many better known title from the likes of Tinto Brass , Jess Franco and Joe D'Amato for a loop . Radley Metzger sure be hip to this way before anyone else when he pick up this marvelously twisted little number for US distribution through he company Audubon . gorgeous cinematography -lrb- favour symmetrical composition -rrb- may elicit cry of ` pretentiousness ' from those who swear by shoddy skin flick shoot in someone 's backyard . hey , as far as I be concerned , it be they loss for this be one thrill ride of a movie with twist so , well , twist that you may not even believe they after you have actually witness they on screen ! Dagmar Lassander -lrb- immortalize as the go to seed landlady from Lucio Fulci 's HOUSE BY the cemetery -rrb- have never look more exquisite than she do here , subtly portray the innocent -lrb- ? -rrb- researcher hold hostage by mad medic Philippe Leroy -lrb- with all the art-house favorite to he name , you wonder whether he have the good humor to mention this one on he c.v. -rrb- as they initially violent ` relationship ' turn to s&m - tinge love story . nothing be what it seem however in this sick and imaginative gem of a movie with several truly erotic moment achieve with surprisingly minimal nudity . I for one be completely baffle and enchant by the way schivazappa choose to suggest oral sex during one scene -lrb- I 'll let you find that one out for yourselve ... -rrb- and lassander 's gauze-clad boogie to a impossibly groovy 60 tune should have become iconic in a way similar to the image of Sylvia Kristel recline in that wicker chair in she emmanuelle day . you may not know this film just yet , but trust I , once see you 'll never forget it !!!
it could not have come from a different country nor from a different time . this movie simply ooze psychedelium influence late 60 italian cinema . so , pseudo serious and sexually free . sumptuous setting and dreamy music make this a visual and aural delight . plus we get the lovely Dagmar Lassander , surely at she very best look . the kinky going on make for a wild ride and if the romp amidst the Mimosa towards the end seem overlong it be but another rather charming trait of the time . you be probably expect to split those few minute between the screen and you girlfriend and it do of course herald a twist in the proceedings . it might have be better if Philippe Leroy do not look quite so odd with he fraying red hair and twisted facial expression . he do well though and have many silent moment where Dagmar be cavort and he have to show a mixture of love and hate . not a ordinary narrative film by any means but for those who like that something different , this be certainly that .
I have a great time watch Femina Ridens a couple of morning back , somewhat hungover . for most of the film its pretty much a two hander , show the game and weird relationship of crazy doctor Philipe Leroy and stunning Dagmar Lassander . I would see she before in a couple of Fulci film die gruesome death , but here she be young hip and beautiful . the film be pretty predictable and certainly mild on the exploitation front , but entertaining throughout owe too its marvellous colourful kitsch feel . the set design , music , lighting and cinematography be all classic late sixty italian style , a surreal feast for the eye and ear and though the general thread of the plot be not too difficult to foresee there be more than enough unusual event and memorably bizarre sight and sound to keep thing interesting throughout . both lead be pretty good , and it bear repeat that Dagmar Lassander be really , really fine . the music , by Stelvo Cipriani be gnarly too , perfectly suit to the image . Director Pierro Schivazappa have come up with quite a cracker here , but its not perfect . though very alluring , there be little substance here and the exploitation element be about as mild as can be . I guess this give it a sort of charm and innocence but I can not help think that the subject matter could have do with more sleaze , more threat , that sorta thing , especially since its pretty simple to figure what go to happen . this be I suspect a bit pointless for stronger exploitation fan and certainly not for people want sex or much nudity . its more of a light , fun pop art affair , lovable but insubstantial , like bubble bath . recommend mainly for those fond of the 60 's , Dagmar Lassander , or sweet set design .
as with footprint -lrb- 1975 -rrb- , I become aware of this one purely by accident : it be mention in a review of the libertine -lrb- 1969 -rrb- , which I research when that film turn up on late-night italian tv , as be in a similar vein ; incidentally , I miss out on that screening of the libertine -lrb- though I acquire it via the same channel later on -rrb- but do manage to watch the film by way of a rental of the english-dubbed r1 dvd during my sojourn in Hollywood in late 2005/early 2006 . actually , in view of the enthusiastic review for it , I be let down by the libertine -- be too light-hearted in nature for what be essentially a serious theme -lrb- the sado-masochistic relationship between a young couple -rrb- ! ; to be honest , for much of the time , I be afraid that the frightened woman would go the exact same route ... but be subsequently amply redeem by a wicked -lrb- if not exactly unpredictable -rrb- final twist . <br /> <br /> the film concern the freethink social attitude and dazzling creative art prevalent in this era : a eminent philanthropist -lrb- Philippe Leroy -rrb- invite a female journalist -lrb- Dagmar Lassander -rrb- at he fashionable home for the week-end ; however , it transpire that he be a misogynist who distrust all member of the opposite sex and would rather dominate -lrb- or even kill -rrb- they ! therefore , for the first half of the narrative , we see the heroine endure pain and humiliation at Leroy 's hand -lrb- include be force to make love to a dummy in he own image ! -rrb- ... until the table be subtly , but unsurprisingly , turn : she not only emancipate herself from he control , but teach he that man and Woman can co-exist harmoniously -- except that lassander 's follow she own personal agenda as well !! <br /> <br /> the lead be perfectly cast , and the film itself often darkly comic for those in the mood ; furthermore , it be greatly abet by a typically effervescent `` Euro-Cult '' score -lrb- from the ever-reliable Stelvio Cipriani -rrb- and the imaginative -- even outré -- look -lrb- the giant structure depict the lower section of the female form , with a steel-trap where its sexual organ should be , seem to emanate from Freud : incidentally , this prop figure prominently in still I would see previously from the frightened woman ... but it barely register in the film proper ! -rrb- . other bizarre touch include the preposterous radio program `` Sexual Aberrations and the Stars '' , and a idyll at a castle belong to Leroy 's family complete with secret passage through the wardrobe and a dwarfish manservant . one of the highlight , then , be easily Lassander 's erotic dance virtually in the nude -- a episode which actually spearhead the ` humanization ' of Leroy ; eventually , the two character have a ` showdown ' in the latter 's pool -- amusingly set to a Spaghetti western-type theme ! <br /> <br /> in the long run , for all its stylishness , the film emerge as inferior to the similar but much more extreme contemporaneous japanese masterpiece by Yasuzo Masumura BLIND beast -lrb- 1969 -rrb- . finally , it be worth note that the frightened woman be distribute in the U.S. by film-maker Radley Metzger 's company Audubon film ; he would even employ its production designer -lrb- Enrico Sabbatini -rrb- for he own CAMILLE 2000 -lrb- 1969 -rrb- ! to get to the edition I watch : apart from the usual shortcoming in the english-dubbing department , the presentation here be further mar by a rather washed-out appearance and brief instance of distract extraneous noise on the soundtrack ! by the way , there seem to be some confusion with respect to the film 's running-time : its length give on various source range anywhere from 84 to 108 minute -- all I can say , however , be that the copy I own run for 87 minute !
from today 's point of view it be quite ridiculous to rate this film 18 -lrb- or x in the US -rrb- . the film have a sexual , yet sublime erotic story to tell , but the picture be rather innocent . throughout the movie you feel and see the spirit of the late 60 and early 70 in the fashion , the dialogue and the typical experimental cinematography and lighting . and this be exactly the part that make it worth see .
one year after ` Love Thy Neighbour ' make its I.T.V. debut , it follow the route take by ` on the bus ' and ` Steptoe & Son ' by graduate onto the big screen , in a picture make by Hammer film . it open with a stir patriotic speech laud the virtue of England 's green and pleasant land , then cut to a shot of Eddie and Bill walk up a street , argue furiously . this escalate into a strange sequence of white and black neighbour vandalise they each other 's home . at least the original theme tune be retain -lrb- even if it be sing by someone other than Stuart Gillies -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the local paper - ` the Gazette ' - be hold a contest to find the best neighbour , the winner land a mediterranean cruise . Barbie suggest to Joan that they should enter . the thing be , can Bill and Eddie stay friend long enough to win it ? that be the main part of the plot . the film be by and large episodic . one chunk be lift directly from season 1 , namely Bill and Eddie go to the Club pretend to be on ` union business ' . in reality they be go to see a stripper -lrb- not meet two girl -rrb- . another portion of the movie have Bill , along with other black factory worker -lrb- in the series he be the only one -rrb- , break a strike Eddie have help bring about by various ploy -lrb- include be smuggle in through the gate in beer barrel -rrb- . while another -lrb- seemingly inspire by Powell and driver 's ` for the Love of Ada ' -rrb- see Eddie 's talkative mother -lrb- the magnificent Patricia Hayes -rrb- get friendly with Bill 's father -lrb- Charles Hyatt -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the climax to episode 1 season 1 reappear in a expanded form . Bill once more put on paint and a towel to terrify Eddie , but he friend join he , and they dance round a drum contain a naked Booth , so that they can pretend to cook and eat he . Eddie then have to make he way home in the nude -lrb- surprisingly , there be less nudity here than there be in episode 2 season 2 -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the film end with the Reynolds and the booth win the ` Love Thy Neighbour ' contest , and take the cruise together , but there be a unexpected twist involve Joan 's sex-mad brother Cyril -lrb- James Beck - ` private Walker ' of ` Dad 's Army ' -rrb- , who be work as a steward . <br /> <br /> this be you typical ' 70 's sitcom-into-movie , with all the fault usually prevalent in such film . the laugh be scatter about , and interest wane after about half a hour . the cast be augment by familiar face such as Melvyn Hayes -lrb- cast as ` Terry ' , a character from episode 2 season 1 , play on that occasion by Leslie Meadows -rrb- , Bill Fraser -lrb- as the factory manager -rrb- , Anna Dawson , Andria Lawrence -lrb- who seem to have be in every ' 70 's british comedy film , mostly cast as nymphomaniac -rrb- , and Arthur English . the director , John Robins , be also responsible for the ` man about the House ' movie . <br /> <br /> funniest moment - while Eddie sleep in a quiet part of the factory , Bill paint he face black . the first he know of it be when the manager 's secretary scream in terror . the table have be turn !
just as a reminder to anyone just now read the comment on this excellent BBC mini-series , publish in 1981 , it be not available on dvd until the last few year . since then , it have become available , but initially only in the british format -lrb- for which I buy a ` international ' dvd player , which you have to hack -- illegally , I suspect , to see it -rrb- , but the series be now available through amazon.com -- 3 disc -- for between $ 19-21 , to be view on dvd in the US format , no hacking . there be 41 review , average 5 star . this mini-series be one of the very best on Oppenheimer , or the Manhattan Project , or virtually anything produce by the BBC .
this be a great comedy , highlight what it be like to live next door to racist bigot . but also show that both main character be actually as bad as each other . base on the hit itv comedy , this be very politically incorrect . and its all the better for it , comedy after all be to entertain . the movie only real drawback be there isnt much of a plot . however the cast be as great as usual . Jack Smethurst and Rudolph Walker make one hell of a team , play off each other in a oneupmanship kind of way.it 's be many year since i see this movie and last week be finally able to buy it on dvd . the fact that the movie still contain genuine laugh out loud moment , mean that i can recommend this movie , just like i would of back in the 1970 's .
a slick production which hold the interest from the very first scene where Max be choose a ring in a jeweller 's shop . much of what follow remind we of Shakespeare 's `` a mid-summer night 's dream '' in which Demetrius and Lysander fall in love with each other 's girl-friend . here Max and Lucien both prone to love at first sight get mix up with Lisa and Alice , and Alice complicate thing when she call herself Lisa . on top of the merry mix-up , Max be incline to get involve in incident which bring back memory of two year ago . and because Max have a lot of these dreamy episode we be subject to one flashback after another , too many in my opinion because at first viewing of the film , I be not quite sure if I be in the present or the past.there be much run down corridor , stairway , through doorway , into elevator etc. . I accept all that in a fast-paced film but do we have to have so many people collide with each other ? after four collision it cease to have any impact , if you 'll excuse the pun . high mark for art design ! the apartment itself be really beautiful with its tasteful decor , but I do ask myself how a couple of young woman can afford such luxury in Paris . save a person intent on suicide from jump out of a window be always exciting and it be in this film too when Max almost exit at the same time . however a kiss or two soon make he feel better . if you can manage to find you way through all the flashback , you 'll finally find yourself at the airport where Max 's devoted sister give he a most affectionate kiss . it can be say it be she who resolve the complication of love , like puck in a `` mid-summer night 's dream '' .
a movie visually graceful but interesting be mainly the plot . the film depict a zigzag progress of explore the main actor 's innermost feeling . Max , who have live in New York for two year and intend to marry a girl he meet there , come back to Paris and unexpectedly meet he ex-girlfriend whom he still fancy very much but finally find out the one he love the most in fact be she best friend . non-linear narration thus many flashback and every part be articulate quite well . the three woman Max have meet symbolize something we must pursue although possibly have no clear picture about the underlie motivation . he fiancee be the one he need rather than the one he love and thus completely no loyalty we can see . she give he also no love but only stability . true love also can not be find in he relation with the ex-girlfriend . merely a fantasy for he to escape - many thing very romantic he have do for she but almost nothing seem amenable . the one who really animate Max 's life in fact be she best friend . the equilibrium achieve at the end be not identical to the initial equilibrium because Max have understand much more about he innermost feeling . the nonlinear structure make the progress of search look more complicated . not equally ingenious as `` Pulp Fiction '' but thing seem much more natural in `` the apartment '' . Max be not the only character who undergo a transformation and in fact interesting be also the description to Romane Bohringer . the good cinematography also make she and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful . a good commentary of today 's love and undoubtedly a film worth see . <br /> <br />
this be easily my favourite film . a tragic romance intertwine with a complex mystery whose thread be all but invisible until they all unravel at the end in one fantastic rush . sheer brilliance . <br /> <br /> I would love to see some more of Gilles Mimouni 's work , but at least accord to imdb , he have not make any other feature . have the high quality of this work make produce another too daunt a task ? have he move -lrb- back -rrb- into some other sphere of creative endeavour ? I certainly hope this will not be he final feature but I can not really blame he if he decide to stop with this gem as he only contribution to the world of feature film .
so here be a bit of background on how I come to see this movie . as you probably know , this be the original french film , that be then remake -lrb- quelle surprise -rrb- by Hollywood as Wicker Park . well I avoid that movie like the plague when it be first release , simply because , a -rrb- I know it have absolutely nothing to do with Wicker Park , and living in Chicago , I do not see why they call it that - it be film in frick Canada for a start ! - b -rrb- I have a very hard time bother with pointless remake , do purely because Hollywood think we be too bone idle to read a few subtitle -lrb- I be dread the remake of Infernal Affairs by the way -rrb- and c -rrb- I can not stand Josh Hartnett , ` nuff say there . <br /> <br /> however , I come across wp on tv the other day , probably about half a hour in , and I have to say initially , it make no sense at all , until about half a hour from the end , when it start come together . by the end , I be really surprise to find myself really into it , and then the end just seem so good - a perfect combination of story , passion and end with possibly one of the greatest musical choice I have ever see -lrb- hear ?? -rrb- . <br /> <br /> since then I have hear a lot about the L'Appartement vs. Wicker Park argument and look at WP , I still say it have bugger all to do with Chicago , but there seem something about it that I like , so when it be on again , I watch it again - unfortunately , still miss the first chunk -lrb- I have still yet to see it ! -rrb- , and I still think it be pretty good . heck , even Josh Hartnett seem good ! but I be curious about l'appartement and want to see what all the fuss be about . so I wait and wait to catch l'appartement somewhere somehow . Netflix let I down , so I end up get a copy from some website in Ireland . and I have just watch it . <br /> <br /> it be really kind of weird , but a good weird . a classic french film . Great act , Romane Bohringer be a absolute gem - sorry , but she act Monica Bellucci off the screen in every scene . Vincent Cassel be a weird choice for the lead but by the end he work . and I have see Jean-Philippe Ecoffey in a lot of movie and I just love he - the scene where Alice dump he in the restaurant and he just look like someone 's tell he he puppy 's be run over be excruciate ! but , I can honestly say , have see wp and pretty much expect that to have be a scene for scene copy -lrb- as about 75 % of the rest of the movie have be - maybe in a different order , but come on , the scene with the coffee in the glass ?? word for word !! -rrb- , you can imagine my surprise when I watch the ending of l'appartement !! I can literally say I be blow away - hmm , a bit like poor old Lucien be through the cafe window really ! so , be prepare , if you have see Wicker Park and you fancy take a look at the original like I do , do not make the mistake of expect a identical movie , because you 'll either be disappoint , or exhilarate at a piece of french movie history - a prime example of how you can watch a movie , think you be go to watch a pithy happy ending , and get whiplash from the total spin in the opposite direction right at the end . definitely catch this movie . oh and while you be at , maybe not too near the same time , but down the road , take a look at Wicker Park , it 'll surprise you too .
Gilles Mamouni be play with the audience with the story of max -lrb- Vincent Cassel -rrb- in search of he biggest lose love -lrb- Monica Bellucci -rrb- just before to get engage to another woman . Mamouni use many flashback sequence without warn so the best way to know where we be in the story be to watch for the actor 's haircut . oherwise it can get very confusing ... still a strong film debut for Mamouni , beautifully photograph by Thierry Arbogast -lrb- the 5th element , the messenger -rrb- , and Monica Bellucci be a darling to watch ... I feel a little disappointed near the end so I give it 9 out of 10 .
I love this . it start out as a fairly normal , slightly ponderous french art movie and then all of a sudden , halfway through it be turn on it be head . this part be brilliant as you realise you have be watch 2 plot not one . sadly , the end do not make much sense , which be a great shame . oh yes , and it be brilliantly film .
this be a wonderful thriller I watch many time and never can get enough of.It 's all about the obsessive love 5 people have for eachother in Paris , -lrb- un -rrb- lucky coincidence , false identities.the music make it really gripping.There be hardly any flaw in the character , just the end be not very credible , but a definite `` must-see '' still .
a very enjoyable french film . this film have many twist and turn in the plot and be superb . I have find that when I lend this dvd out to a friend it seem to do the round before get back to I !! it be really all about a man make sure he find the right girl to settle down with .
several year ago i see this film , without subtitle , on television , and despite I not understand a word of what the character be say i still get the general idea , and the mood of the film fascinate I no end . <br /> <br /> at long last i see it again a few week ago . my heart skip when i see the picture in the television guide , and for 8 day until the film be really show i tell everybody i know to go and see it . the story remind I a bit of alfred hitchcock 's vertigo . a slow , brooding film about a guy who one day believe he see the girlfriend that disappear year before . what follow be a wild rollercoaster ride of flashback , change perspective and really inventive twist in the plot , and at the end of the film i be leave breathless . i have definitely not get what i have expect -lrb- and i have actually already see the film ! -rrb- . be prepare to be confuse . <br /> <br /> 9 out of 10
like a earlier commentor , I see it in 1980 and have never be able to shake the memory of the gripping story , splendid acting , and dramatic musical score . it certainly contain some of Sam Waterston 's finest work . he and the writer depict Oppenheimer not simply as a unjustly victimize hero -- which he be -- but also as naive , fond of alcohol , and snobbish , a rounded portrait instead of a stereotype .
not all movie should have that predictable end that we be all so use to , and it be great to see movie with really unusual twist . however with that say , I be really disappoint in l'apartment 's end . in my opinion the end do not really fit in with the rest of the movie and it basically destroy the story that be be tell . <br /> <br /> you spend the whole movie discover everyone and they feeling but the event in the final 2 minute of the movie would have impact majorly on everyone character but the movie end and leave it all too wide open . <br /> <br /> overall though this movie be very well make , and unlike similar movie such as Serendipity all the scene be believable and do not go over the top .
magnificent , original , beautiful movie . the acting be great , the setting en decor be superb -lrb- Paris at its best - but then the real Paris , not the famous setting -rrb- and the music will do also . a brilliant storie , very detailed , which I just very much love . <br /> <br /> the best french movie I have see -lrb- and french cinema be very good -rrb- !
I think the film make a subtile reference to rouge of Kieslowski , as the whole atmosphere give I a feeling of red . it seem to be that a lot of the background contain red , think of the tea-room f.e. i also think this be one of the greatest movie of the last year .
l'appartement be , I think , a very purposeful hitchcockian film . the plot be rife with symbolism -lrb- ie the white and red rose -rrb- and plot twist which wrap themselves up neatly . the look be very parisian and pull you closer to the story . I see it in London and very much regret that it be not out on video in the state
a obsessive love story , where the character have be extremely convincing . I think this film highlight the talent of professional actor . specially for Vincent Cassel who would not -lrb- at the time it be film -rrb- be the first character you think of for such a role . and yes he do succeed to seduce the beautiful Monica Belluci , beyond the film , during this creation . I can only say , that this film should have be release at it be in the USA , instead of thinking of do a remake . it be simply so french , almost pervert ... and yet so true ... this film should stay untouched ... <br /> <br /> a director that should definitely get more project as this kind of subject require the right amount of ingredient to not make it a flop . .
in this tense and character-driven romantic tragi-comedy , we be give a insight into the intertwine life of four thirtysomething Parisians . at the centre be Vinz Cassell 's portrayal of Max . a starry-eyed Romeo , he fall head over heel for beautiful stranger Lisa -lrb- Bellucci -rrb- . encourage by he put-upon best friend Lucien -lrb- Écoffey , in a understate but effective performance -rrb- , he win she heart and they live happily ever after ... that be , until the scheming , neurotic and obsessive Alice -lrb- the versatile Romane Bohringer -rrb- become very involve in the life and love of the other three . <br /> <br /> the rich plot be thicken by a curious chronological jumble , and the movie emerge as a intricate jigsaw , the eye-candy of picture-postcard Paris at the heart of it all . the use of colour do not go unnoticed , particularly in Lisa 's spectacular apartment -lrb- presumably account for the film 's title -rrb- , where the red and yellow provoke the fire of passion and lust . <br /> <br /> the audience can relate to Max : he truly wear he heart on he sleeve and be constantly punish by irony and circumstance for it . in one memorable scene , we fate lover -lrb- agonisingly separate by a ` choreograph ' misunderstand -rrb- narrowly miss out on the chance meeting that would surely reunite they . Independent of one another , they travel to the same destination : she on the Metro , he in a taxi , practically tête-à-tête . yet fate seem to have it in for they , and the audience be captivatingly tease . <br /> <br /> the performance in this film be really what make l'appartement stand out . I still can not understand why Vincent Cassell be not a big star outside France . he have presence and diversity in abundance . Monica Bellucci -lrb- Cassell 's real-life spouse at the time of write -rrb- have recently find fame in the Anglophone film industry , but perhaps for the wrong reason - true , she be divinely beautiful , but behind that be a talented actress who can dominate a scene in classic ` leading-lady ' style , which many british and american actress dismiss in favour of the all-too-easy ` subtle ' approach . <br /> <br /> all in all , watch this film ! I doubt you 'll be disappoint . it be grip , satisfy , amusing , sad , lavish , and a lesson in artistic film-making .
a lot have already be write about the film itself , so instead of add to the noise I just want to say a few word on the two female actor . <br /> <br /> it have to be a daunting prospect for any actress to star , in a sense , versus the spectacular Monica Bellucci , but Romane Bohringer pull it off to sensational end . a film star Monica Bellucci where I fall in love with the other girl ?? that be not suppose to happen . <br /> <br /> it be be say a thousand time , but Monica Bellucci strike the saddest figure in modern cinema . I have never before see such innate sadness . she would not be out of place break Lon Chaney 's heart .
since the plot like Vertigo or Brian DePalma 's Obsession , till to the score by Peter Chase that remind the sound of Bernard Herrmann , this little pearl seem to be sight from few . remarkable playing by Romane Boeringer and Vincent Cassel in a bohemian Paris portray from the famous Thierry Arbogast . a little cult ! it be a pity that the only version available on dvd be the french one and the English . Directed by a controversial artist as Gilles Mimouni , it could be consider a little homage to the Cinema masterwork . it be a french movie , and as all of they , not for all , we could say a d'essai cinema . even if not so publicize , it could be remember for several reason .
all credit to writer/director Gilles Mimouni who fashion this wind , twist tale of deceit and betrayal . while keep the utmost control , he maintain the audience at arm 's length , never allow they to become completely aware of the going on . even he clever denouement have you guess . <br /> <br /> the three central performance be also top class , with Vincent Cassel , Romane Bohringer and Monica Bellucci do they utmost to add to the mystery . Jean-Phillippe Ecoffey supplement strength in he support role . to give away plot detail or character specifics would not be fair . <br /> <br /> Thierry Arbogast use the camera effectively to sweep we through this enigma , and Cardine Biggerstaff 's editing keep the story a step ahead of we . the theme from Peter Chase be sublime in its marriage to the ideal of the script . <br /> <br /> many may say Gilles Mimouni be try to confront several deeper issue on the they of love . for I this be simply a haunting , elusive riddle that weave a fascinating web . only the French be capable of such tantalisation . Hollywood would have ruin this with a happy ending . <br /> <br /> Monday , March 2 , 1998 - Hoyts Croydon <br /> <br /> no-one do thriller quite like the French . when they get it right , they really get it right . <br /> <br /> Vincent Cassell be intriguing as the deceptive max , Romane Bohringer obsessive as the new Lisa , and Monica Bellucci be mysterious as the first Lisa . the plot from Gilles Mimouni be a whirlwind of deliberate deception and fatally cross wire . <br /> <br /> all credit must go to he manipulation of the clever plot , and the performance from the three lead . as Lucien , Jean-Phillippe Ecoffey be strong and emotional . <br /> <br /> Friday , January 15 , 1999 - Video
this be a clever story about relationship and a display of three main category of player in the game of relationship : playboy -lrb- max -rrb- , manipulative woman -lrb- Alice -rrb- and the fool who may be indeed in love -lrb- Lisa , Muriel and Lucien -rrb- . <br /> <br /> max and Alice be very unlikeable and perhaps despicable character but who be always in control in the game leave they partner around in the dark . but as the profusely discuss end tell we , as veteran player as Max and Alice be , they would be happy to part way anytime they see fit as if the game be just announce to be over and each one of they could not care less to get on with he or she own life and play another game with some other anonymous people when another opportunity present itself . Lisa , Muriel and Lucien might be the one who feel like invest something real in a relationship , only not be able to realise that they be the bait in the game and the ultimate loser -lrb- as far as what we be show be concern ... who know if they be also advance player of some sort in they world not show to we on screen -rrb- . <br /> <br /> this be a very fast-paced , delicately craft and seductively witty story with a entice execution by the cast . it also deserve some deeper thinking : how much be real in a game of relationship ?
>> > Great News there be a BBC dvd release schedule for 31st July 2006 , UK - there be also a schedule release in States - do not know the date - can not wait ! ! << << <br /> <br /> >> >> below be my original comment << << << br / > <br /> I agree with all the other reviewer - it be simply stagger that one of the greatest tv drama ever have never be release on dvd <br /> <br /> the story line be grip - the acting be outstanding and the character development be enthral ! <br /> <br /> over here in the UK we have quite a history of get tv drama series and film out onto dvd through popular campaign <br /> <br /> it be very hard to see why the rights owner do not go into a dvd production ? I be go to e : mail one of the lead player in this grass root movement and see what happen . who do the production ? be it BBC ? rw
I just see this film again , I believe for the sixth time . I will doubtless see it many more time . this be one of the most brilliant french film ever make . although the film be mysterious , even more mysterious be what happen to the writer and director , Gilles Mimouni . for ten year he have not make another film , and this be he only one . the story and execution of this ingenious film be perfect , and it be clearly pay homage continually to both Hitchcock and Buster Keaton . the split-second timing of the movement be just as carefully control as the scene where the side of a house fall on Keaton in ` Steamboat Bill Junior ' , and he be only not kill by inch . in this film , people stoop and turn and pass one another unaware , and if they have be one second off , they would have collide . the storyline thus walk a tightrope of chance event to such a intense degree that you can not take you eye off the screen for even a millisecond , or you will miss something crucial . the haunting , albeit intentionally repetitive , music by Peter Chase be reminiscent of Hitchcock 's ` Vertigo ' , and the whole film have the same eerie quality , but whereas Hitchcock have one woman be two woman , Mimouni have two woman be one woman , thereby invert the plot structure . there be pass reference to other Hitchcock film , but it be ` Vertigo ' which be central to the inspiration of this film . the theme may seem superficially to be obsessive love , but the film be really about the magic of everyday chance event , the invisible thread behind the tapestry , the ineffable . everything be hyper-charged with passionate love and desire , but the desire transcend its object and struggle towards something behind and beyond the object . that be why it be so easily transferable from Lisa to Alice , when it be realise that it be Alice who be more mysterious than Lisa , and it be Alice who truly embody the eternal mystery . the film be ultimately ` make ' by Romane Bohringer . she be so fascinating that she outshine Monica Bellucci , which be really something to pull off , consider that Bellucci be a knockout beauty , whereas Bohringer be what the English call ` plain ' . however , Romane Bohringer have even at this early date more than master the art of ` personality dominance ' , whereby beautiful girl fall by the wayside and do not get notice because Romane be be so fascinating you can not take you eye off she long enough even to look at the beautiful girl , and you end up only think of she . most of we remember , I be sure , she father Richard Bohringer lie in a bathtub listen to opera in the film ` diva ' many year ago . I would rather watch Romane than Richard lie in a bathtub , but there seem to be some genetic secret to be fascinating , because Richard Bohringer be spellbinding too , and he be not even a woman . Romane look as if she may turn into Anna Magnani when she be much older , and that mean she will get a Oscar , if someone can only write another ` Rose Tattoo ' for she . the girl have so much passion inside she , she could set the Seine on fire . would not it be wonderful if she and Julie Delpy team up ? this film make wonderful use of Paris location . but where be this ` square in the Luxembourg ' ? it look like Place Furstenburg to I . maybe I miss something . I must watch the film another six time , just to study the precision of the timing and who brush past whom , and make sure I have get it right . the whole thing be like ten gigantic simultaneous chess game play blindfold by a grandmaster . how thrilling it all be ! Romane , you can look through my window anytime ! Mimouni , come on over , let 's discuss impossibility , unlikelihood , coincidence , synchronicity , everything that be go on that be invisible and how it effect the visible . and once again , we have here the spirit of Breton 's novel ` Nadja ' embody in a great french work of art . more ! more ! more !
apartmente'l be one of the most interesting movie that I have ever see . I experience extreme frustration while watch this movie as I be gun for the two lead to reunite . that never happen in the end which disappoint I to no end . but the end lend a even more cynical touch to a generally cynical movie . it be not a movie which people be likely to rewatch but one watch itself will have a deep impact on people . as of now I have not rewatch the movie and I do not think I will . <br /> <br /> the story follow the experience of a man , Max , who be engage to be marry to Muriel . he remember he old girlfriend Lisa -lrb- he consider this the love of he life -rrb- as he listen , by accident , to Lisa talk on the telephone . thus he try to find Lisa . here start he extremely frustrating search for Lisa . there be many layer to this movie . there be undercurrent of jealousy , vouyeurism and so on . there be also another character call Alice who be involve in the whole confusion . the movie then move through a whole range of twist and finally lead to a end which could be interpret in many way . it be fascinating how this movie have only four main character but the clever write make it interesting and unique . what I love about the fact be that a movie about obsession , jealousy be do in such a light hearted manner . it have a very fast pace which be probably the reason why it can appeal to a large audience . the main character , Max , have shades of grey and I feel the ending be perfect . I do not think he be suppose to be a clean character consider the fact he be search for he long lose love while he be engage and he also have a fling with Alice . <br /> <br /> the character of Alice be even worse . she manipulation and she compulsive lie can really irritate viewer -lrb- that be the point , I guess -rrb- . the scene where she break down in front of Lucien really show another facet of she character . it show a side of she that want to be accept and that she be tire of all the lie and the game and she want to lead a normal life . in the end , she understand that she need to get away from it all . the end lend a cynical touch . because it seem as if Max 's love for Alice be temporary and fake . it be as if to say that love in general be a temporary emotion and it be better to choose the safe option -lrb- i.e muriel -rrb- than to pursue something that be so fleeting -lrb- i.e Lisa or Alice -rrb- . in many way this be not really a romantic movie but a satire about romance -lrb- in a way -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the performance deserve high praise . Vincent Cassel as Max give a great performance . he perfectly portray the confusion of a man who be not really sure about he engagement . he geeky look be a add advantage as it fit the character perfectly . but the real star of the movie be Romane Bohringer as Alice . she nuanced portrayal of a woman who be jealous of Alice and be in love with Max . the scene where she scream `` I be a nutcase too '' really show she desperation and she yearning to live a normal life with a man who love she . <br /> <br /> btw i also think lesbianism be another interpretation that can be draw from this movie . Alice 's action can be explain in many way . and she unreasonable obsession with Lisa may also be explain as a manifestation of a lesbian desire . it may be far-fetched consider she encourage Lisa to forgive she current boyfriend . but I get the feeling that she be a lesbian for a long time . she also avoid question from Lisa regard a boyfriend . she spend a whole lot of time with Lisa and she be happy during that time . that may lead many to question she sexual orientation . <br /> <br /> overall I would give it a 9/10 . I think it deserve it but I subtract one because of the rewatchability factor . I think it be a perfect movie otherwise .
this sad romance be untellable because the director decide to break its narration and to offer the point of view of each character . so , there be a lot of flashback , of re-shooting of the same scene . but , it would be a extraordinary moment of cinema to put all the fragment in order to see the result ! <br /> <br /> and it would worth it , because it be for I , just one the best french movie ever make ! <br /> <br /> it have everything : <br /> <br /> cast : first step of Monica Bellucci and Vincent Cassel ! such a presence and such voice , even for a hard-of-hearing ! it be symbolic for they to have fall in love with this movie ! <br /> <br /> direct : he camera be bright , alive , play with the set or can be mysterious with long close-up '' à la David Lynch '' . <br /> <br /> cinematography : the light be beautiful , between gold and rust , like they love ! <br /> <br /> a never-seen before Paris : it be a Paris out-of-time of more accurately , a composite of a lot of district ! huge search here ! it be look like Gotham City , modern and old at the same time ! <br /> <br /> music : not the big orchestra but in perfect tune with the frame . and the song of Charles Aznavour make I discover this great singer ! <br /> <br /> ah , ... the story ! as I say , it be a love story but rather tragic : say that love can be for nothing , that it do not make all people happy or be not guarantee for a sweet ending be great because this message be not often tell ! love be passion , which be derivative from the Latin `` pain '' . you can suffer a lot when you be in love ! because of the why . . ? , of the endless waiting , the lack of courage , the indecision . <br /> <br /> and when you can ease yourself , fate , destiny , god -lrb- ? -rrb- , devil -lrb- ? -rrb- can stab you in the back , just because you arrive too soon or too late , and above all , because love mean 2 in a world of billion ! a lot of thing can happen and as much story can be write ! so , what be love ? <br /> <br /> personally , I live some moment like this : in a car with the dear one . she mobile ring and you know it be she `` special friend '' whom she kiss goodbye -lrb- and not you , even if we be always together -rrb- . so , you want to go out of this car to leave they together , to not hear the sweet but cruel word but you can not , because a amazing hard rain just start ! <br /> <br /> I find that this movie depict those moment of tragedy as no one else !
when I watch l'appartement with my girlfriend , she sigh : `` how complicated ! '' and she be right , of course . when you be use to simple , one-linear plot , especially violent hero vs crook scheme , l'appartement be hard to follow . a couple of the negative reviewer here also have miss one or more important point . other whine about the confusing flash back . come on ! this be not the kind of movie from which you can leave to visit the toilet , come back and get hooked again within a few seconds . this one demand full concentration and a keen eye on detail . then it be really not that hard to figure out what be happen and when . the director have leave more than enough clue in all scene . <br /> <br /> the first 3/4 of the movie center about the question : why do Max and Lisa split ? the film , as my girlfriend remark , begin as a romantic lovestory , suggest that two lose lover will find each other again . have experience with french movie , I predict that the story pretty soon would get a sick twist and I be right . in the end of the first part it become clear , after many twist and turn , that Max and Lisa be manipulate by Alice . Max do not know , that Lisa have leave and why . Lisa do not know , why max do not contact she in Rome and leave she without a trace , when she return to Paris . the only one who do be Alice and she have she own reason to keep she mouth shut . <br /> <br /> after both Max and Lisa have find out the truth , the question of course become : can Alice 's manipulation be undo ? well , of course not , time have pass by and thing have change . <br /> <br /> many european movie use a story tell technique I fully enjoy . there be no exposition of the basic conflict in the beginning , after which two -lrb- or more -rrb- interested party try to decide in they own advantage . instead the spectator be gradually feed with bit and piece of the plot and hardly know more than the main character . l'appartement be a fine and subtle example of this technique . in the first half Alice seem to be a side character ; slowly it become clear , that she be key figure . <br /> <br /> acting be simply great . Vincent Cassel be perfect as the somewhat naive and impulsive character , who risk a secured life just to hunt a dream from the past . Monica Belucci be very beautiful of course , but also competent . Jean Paul Ecoffey provide the necessary comical touch . Romane Bohringer be very convincing as the neurotic woman , plague by feeling of guilt and regret . <br /> <br /> the only reason I do not give it a 10 be the somewhat unsatisfying end . of course it be necessary because of the desire symmetry . after all the event max be exactly on the point where the movie begin , only wiser and sadder . Alice have pay for she sin . but still the little twist on the airport be a bit artificial . Max too easily exchange Lisa for Alice ; Alice too easily decide to reject Max , who have be she dream for so long ; Max too easily return to he fiancée . but then again , I do not know how how this could be achieve without sacrifice the elegant symmetry . I guess sometimes artist have to give up realism for beauty .
a wonderful story about the consequence of obsessive love with the beautiful romantic back street of Paris as its location . we be transport through time and see the plot develop from the perspective of the three main character as the mystery unwind .
I watch this film for the second time tonight after about three year and it be as wonderful as before ... <br /> <br /> there be more than a dozen modern stunning french film from en couer de hiver to the three colour trilogy and all of they be special . this film be one of they . a true delight with so many great thing go for it from the homage to Hitchcock to two beautiful lady in Romane and Monica . while Monica be very beautiful , Romane be a very sexy lady and steal many of the scene she inhabit . <br /> <br /> I be not sure why people think this film be convolute as the scene be such a perfect blend of past and present act as a counterpoint to the character ' own remarkable journey that the film simply flow and you barely realise that 116 minute of beauty and mystery have leave the view enchanted and bewitch . <br /> <br /> like most french and european film this story would never translate across the Atlantic as no studio could capture the magic without throttle the life out of it with the Hollywood bleaching common to most movie that become lose in translation . Americans make brilliant film , but not of this type ... perhaps if they let someone like a young Polanski work on it then maybe they would not totally butcher a english version ... <br /> <br /> for those who do not watch subtitle film you will spend a lifetime in ignorant bliss . for those who can read then you would be spite yourself to miss film like this ... <br /> <br /> I would describe this as Neo-Franco-Noir , but only to cheese off the reviewer who call this film elitist . I think I see he do a add for four-and-twenty-pie . he think Romane Bohringer be a type of french mayonnaise ... it be arty in the way that Pulp fiction be arty ... but with more gallic savoire faire ... <br /> <br /> 10 out of 10 with every viewing ... and have anyone get Romane 's phone number ... she be the perfect french Salad Dressing ...
forget the recent dire american remake which sadly tarnish the reputation of the french original by virtue of the director 's involvement in both . this be a deftly - draw romantic 90 noir with many twist and turn . it work best as a Gallic ode to Hitchcock 's Rear Window , because the notion of voyeurism be the constant theme that fire the intricate screenplay . the story be stunningly realize , like a Picasso painting , offer multi-perspective on the same event and demand the viewer 's participation throughout . the setting , music and haunting score be wonderful as well as the excellent contribution from the cast . watch it more than once .
this be a fabulous film . <br /> <br /> the plot be a good yarn , and be imaginatively tell in a series of flashback and alternative point of view . what be deliberate , and what be coincidence ? who be in love with who ? <br /> <br /> you get the chance to put yourselve in the shoe of each of the character in turn -lrb- sometimes literally -rrb- , and this help define each character to a satisfying depth . <br /> <br /> with a bit of effort follow the twist and turn , you can understand each of the character ; and key event in the film be reshot from the point of view of different people . <br /> <br /> take the opportunity if it come again to you arthouse cinema ; it look good on the big screen . <br /> <br /> more than keep you guess , the plot twist to such a extent that you just sit and watch what unfold - I defy anyone to predict ! <br /> <br /> but more likely you will need more than one viewing - I see this at the picture on its original release three time , and it get better each time . <br /> <br /> the acting be very good , with a standout performance by Romane Bohringer as Alice tear in three direction by the three other character in the ensemble . <br /> <br /> a classic . the second-best film of the 1990s .
`` l'appartement '' have to be among the best french film I have ever see -lrb- along with `` Hatred '' , also star Vincent Cassel , and those great Gerard Dépardieu / Pierre Richard movie -rrb- . Cassel and Bellucci be amazing in the lead role . aside from `` Brotherhood of the wolf '' and `` Dobermann '' I have not yet see a bad movie with this couple . `` l'appartement '' suck you in from the beginning and the twist and turn keep you thrill until the very end . fragment storytelling really have not work this well since `` Pulp Fiction '' . let 's just hope there will not be a godawful american remake of this unique romance/mystery-thriller . -lrb- edit : guess what ! a godawful american remake have be make ! -rrb- !
this be a astonishing film : a romantic thriller with a convoluted but perfectly construct and devastatingly symmetrical plot , brilliantly buttress by the use of recur visual motif . everything in it be beautifully film : the woman , the apartment ; but more amazing be the devastating juxtapositioning of image , almost every scene have echo of another . this be a story tell in light , in colour , in many almost-parallel . every time I watch it , it fill I with delight . <br /> <br /> the acting be great too . Romane Bohringer be stunning as a woman on the verge of a nervous breakdown : everything about she change with she mood . Vincent Cassel play a very different role to he part in La Haine ; but no less excellently : shifty and sympathetic at the same time . and Monica Bellucci - ah ! , Monica Bellucci , well , put simply , she play -lrb- be ? -rrb- the world 's most perfect woman . there be one small scene about three quarter of the way through where she do nothing more than smile ; yet in that instant , say more than hour of Hollywood junk . <br /> <br /> one can not do justice to this film without at least mention the superb , sequential climax : sad , shocking , ironic and subtle in turn . but if one moment capture the brilliance of this work , it be the scene at the start of this fabulous denouement , the prospect of which have be teasingly lay before we throughout the entire story . yet when the moment come , it be handle so delicately , so briefly , so deftly , that on reflection it make you gasp . only a director of staggering confidence would dare to underplay this vital point . but the confidence be justified . Cinema do not come much better than this .
insanely well craft mini-series . <br /> <br /> I recall see most of it twice when show on american Playhouse on PBS . be heavily promote at the time . I believe it might have be one of the very early mini-series show on PBS outside of the Masterpiece Theater series . <br /> <br /> the full length production be show I believe only once during its first broadcast . be 6-8 hour total . this length be edit down somewhat to 6 hour . Cut some interesting , but slow scene . <br /> <br /> I be very much hope that the folk hold its current rights do follow through and restore a complete , not edit version to dvd . not worth create a VHS version at this point . <br /> <br /> would fit in very well in the mini-series or dramatic history genre .
although Bullet in the brain be , without question , superior amongst short film , it largely seem more like a short piece of write than a film . and it be a little hard to feel too sorry for the teacher when he smart ass remark get he shoot . but after the bullet enter he brain we begin to understand a little bit about why he become so jade with life in the first place . there be a awful amount of detail pack into this reasonably short film and this be what make I feel that it should have be extend a little bit - it seem like there be almost too much to take in at once as the detail come fly at you so fast . a slightly more relax pace and a less po-faced narrator in the final section would have benefit this film a little bit . despite these complaint , there be no deny that Bullet in the brain be a quite stupendous work compare to many short , and even full length film . the maker should be applaud for try to make such a basically emotional and literate film in the current climate of quick joke and Hollywood action .
on the outside , this film be better because of Vincent D'Onofrio -lrb- Law & Order : Criminal Intent -rrb- , but this film be equally as good as the 1982 version . in some way , the 1999 version be better because it be more up to date -lrb- a decade as compare to the 27 year . the actor in this film be great , like Terry Kinney -lrb- McManus of HBO 's `` Oz '' -rrb- as James Daly and Tony Shalhoub -lrb- USA 's monk -rrb- and Gary Sinise -lrb- CSI : NY -rrb- . Obvilubuly , dialogue be change for contemporary audience , nut much of the write remain the same . there be stuff that be not in the 1982 version that give this one a boost in drama and comedy , but in the end , this film be just as great at the 1982 one . character-wise : Vincent D'onofrio play Phil Romano be excellent , better that Paul Sorvino . it be a match up between Stacy Keach and Terry Kinney in term of James . as for George , I would praise Shalhoub . and between Martin Sheen & Sinsise as Tom , I would say Sinise win .
this movie be base mainly on the emotion and interaction of people . there be only three location -lrb- the school , the store , and the coach 's house -rrb- that be really use . it be primarily at the coach 's house , however . a movie do not need special effect or amazing view to be amazing in itself . <br /> <br /> four friend who have bond during they basketball day meet up . one be rich , important , and have no real love outside of money . one want to be mayor again , but he competition be turn he sour . one want to be superintendent of the school and take care of he family . one be a travel alcoholic . <br /> <br /> First off , I love the actor in this film . they have all be household name to I . they prove they worth here . <br /> <br /> one of the most pivotal moment be when Tom , play by Gary Sinise , blow up on the coach . he yell and rant about how the coach cheat in the win game . he blow the coach 's whistle and yell back he catchphrase - `` forgive I Father , for I have sin ! '' it be amazing to watch , with energy that just chill you . <br /> <br /> highly recommend to anyone who understand human emotion and do not need shiny effect to interest they .
this movie be base on a play , and be the second adaptation of this work . Paul Sorvino play the basketball coach of a team of player that against all odds take home the championship 20 year ago . they have all meet for a reunion . Terry Kinney play James , a Junior High principal , and will quickly get on you nerve with all he whining and feel sorry for I role . Vincent D'Onofrio , as Phil , play a obnoxious businessman with just the right amount of `` money '' cockiness . Tony Shalhoub be George , the current Mayor of the town , and appear to be on the verge of some sort of breakdown . Gary Sinise play Tom , a writer , turn alcoholic , and in my opinion , be excellent in the role . while they be all suppose to be celebrate they championship , conflict , jealousy , and fight abound . as the man come to term with what be , and be now , they be force to look at they life in a non-pleasant way . it be unusual to have a group of man talk and cry about what could have be , and I find it interesting watch they relate to each other . it be not the best movie I have see , but it be certainly good enough for a viewing .
this be a great example of very none Hollywood film make which be very think provoke , move and not without a sense of humor , Kevin McKidd and Paula Sage be superb . <br /> <br /> I actually watch it on late night tv and I can see why I miss it in the cinema , its not the sort of film that the multi-screen `` mega '' cinema show nowadays , mores the pity . <br /> <br /> I be go to look for the dvd . not for those who prefer , the current trend towards special effect and no story . if you like the best selling book `` the curious incident of the dog in the night-time '' , you 'll enjoy this film . <br /> <br /> this film rank beside the best of scottish film , such as `` small face '' and `` trainspot '' . all film which Kevin McKidd also star in . <br /> <br /> highly recommend .
not a easy film to like at first with both the lead character quite unlikeable but luckily the heart and soul of the film be Paula Sage 's touching performance which drive the film into uncharted water and transcend the rather awkward storyline . this give the film a feeling of real truth and make you think you have see something special . -lrb- 7/10 -rrb-
a very move and think provoke film that raise issue of mental health , terminal illness and euthanasia . sound a bit too heavy ? it be a little , but this be all treat in a realistically straight forward way within a story of the change that take place to the family who have to deal with these thing . this be a positive story of face up to life and responsibility that be not overwhelm by the subject matter . <br /> <br /> afterlife be beautifully shoot and craft film set in modern time and deal with modern issue . it be a character drive , enthralling film with a strong cast and some very good performance . <br /> <br /> unfortunate it be not the sort of film that always perform well at the box office , so catch it while you can .
I agree with Andy , this be a good movie . Kevin McKidd 's character be believable throughout the film . we be force to hate he and latterly sympathise with he . Paula Sage who play Roberta put in a good performance too . it be thought-provoking and emotive without any slush over-production . credit to director Alison Peebles and writer Andrea Gibb for that . a very worthwhile viewing . the pace of the film be just right , raise just enough interest in the subject matter to reel you in , rather than bombard you with fact in a documentary style . nice little soundtrack to go with the film too , again use sparingly , not to distract you from storyline . recommend .
the film 's subject be poignant and very real . it happen . one can debate some artistic liberty take by director and scriptwriter . the subject be what make the film tick -- nothing else . I see the film for the first time after the real Phoolan , be gun down in New Delhi and have serve several year as a elect Member of Parliament in India . by the way , she be not the first untouchable elect to Parliament , as some reviewer state . the so-called `` untouchable '' have be elect to the Indian Parliament for decade in reserved constituency . <br /> <br /> while Shekhar Kapur as a director be a hero to many India , because he make commercially accepted international film -- `` bandit queen '' and `` Elizabeth '' -lrb- and a tolerable kiddie movie call `` Mister India '' , which be accept by the average indian audience -rrb- -- and even get Oscar nomination for Elizabeth , I do not place he as a top notch film director from India . he fail in every department as a director except perhaps that he succeed in get some above-average performance from he actor . subtlety , finesse , charm be not easy to find in he film -- melodrama brim in they . <br /> <br /> he idea of use Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan 's vocal rendering of the song in the early part of the film , be perhaps he single major achievement on the undistinguished sound track of `` bandit queen '' . and then perhaps the creak door during the gang rape sequence . otherwise the film look like a spaghetti western with sex and violence minus the great music one associate with they . <br /> <br /> if you be look for a good living indian film director who make realistic cinema of international quality -- it be not Shekhar Kapur 's movie you should see ; it be the later work of three indian film-maker Adoor Gopalakrishnan , Mrinal Sen , and Girish Karnad and of course Muzaffar Ali 's `` Umrao Jaan '' . it be unfortunate that none of those director have the financial support that Kapur have to give they and they film a international viewership . for instance , Sen 's `` Oka oorie katha '' make in Telugu , or Satyajit Ray 's `` sadgati '' base on Munshi Prem Chand 's `` Kafan '' be more complete as film to a intelligent viewer deal on the state of the untouchable in India . Sen do not have to resort to graphic sex and violence but merely suggest they . of course , Sen 's nugget do not make headline , while Kapur 's effort hog they . <br /> <br /> to Kapur 's credit , he be articulate and use he limited talent and modest resource in the Mumbai film industry to take he product beyond home audience . for that effort , I salute Kapur . but `` bandit queen '' will remain a great subject await a accomplished director to deal with it .
irrespective of the accuracy of fact , bandit queen be a true story , its true because the theme it deal with hold as much truth today as they do way back in 1994 . this movie be violent , powerful and think provoking.the protagonist be a woman of flesh and blood , whose adversity bring out the best -lrb- or worst -rrb- out of she . keep the subjectivity aside , there be no doubt that Phoolan 's character from a young girl of 8 , who be marry off by she father to clear a debt -lrb- pun intend -rrb- , to a gang leader who go on to become a leader of the lower caste , have evolve into a champion in she own right . she portrayal be so powerful that the viewer be even willing to forgive she for a massacre . <br /> <br /> I can understand if the western audience be not able to appreciate this masterpiece , bandit Queen need to be ` study ' in the indian context , and not just check out in stereotype . I may not be able to sell it on its universal appeal but its certainly a must watch for the indian audience , its a shame that the movie have a delay , overtly censor release in India . <br /> <br /> bandit queen be the story of a woman who fight against two odds in India , be a woman and that too a lower caste , she rebellious nature and inability to just give in cause she the most horrible experience in life , which only go on to strengthen she into a self proclaim goddess . she respond to violence with violence and dint become the submissive woman society want she to be . call it divine justice or judiciary failure , have she kill a single person she would have be hang , she kill 24 and get revere , respect and glorified . <br /> <br /> p.s # whoever find she character `` psychotic '' , need to be sodomize at 8 , gangrap by 10 man at a go and parade naked . then they should be ask - how normal do they feel ?
I see bandit queen in 2005 , over a decade after it be make amidst widespread controversy in India . the language , the stark treatment and the natural acting -lrb- by a relatively unknown cast for that time -rrb- might have be even more shocking at that time for a indian populace more familiar with fantasy cinema . the film , the cast , and Shekhar Kapoor , deserve accolade for the breakthrough effort . <br /> <br /> the plot be not very different from a typical revenge drama make in various form in India . in fact , there have be several fictional account of this particular story itself . the reason why this stand out be that it be suppose to be a first person account of someone who actually go through all this , and a lot else that do not find place on the screen , and survive to tell the tale . survive long enough to see she story make into a movie at least . Phoolan Devi do not live very long after be release from prison in 1994 . <br /> <br /> the film score on several count . the cinematography be brilliant . the music be apt . the cast , many of whom become more familiar name later , be very good . but the screenplay be patchy . thing move too fast and in jerk at time . it be understandable though , because there be just too many strand that need to be tie together to make it all cohesive . or maybe I feel that because I have read Mala Sen 's book , which be a more detailed and better , though obviously not as shocking as the visual , account of Phoolan Devi 's travail , and which be purported to be one of the main source for the film . <br /> <br /> there be some factual ambiguity too . accord to Phoolan Devi , she be not present when the Behmai massacre take place , and despite claim to be the dictate account of Phoolan herself , she be show to participate , and in fact initiate , the massacre . then the final scene where Phoolan surrender show she touching the foot of the Chief Minister , while in reality she have surrender to a portrait of Mahatma Gandhi . symbolic value only , but show that Phoolan do not want to show servitude to a living , ordinary person . it would have be nice to show the Chief Minister to have some resemblance to Arjun Singh , who many remember be the cm of Madhya Pradesh then . <br /> <br /> but these be small chink in this eminently well-made movie , a rare gem to come out from the mainstream indian film industry , make by a man who before this be know best for the ultimate masalum movie of the late 80s - Mr India .
Oppenheimer be a great series -lrb- it be the first thing I see Waterston in -rrb- and it be too bad copy be not available . a similar situation exist for `` Glory Enough for all '' , a british series from around the same time , about the discovery of insulin . I would pay a good price for both of these on dvd . be it really so difficult to get Oppenheimer on a dvd that be able to be play in the US ? another very enjoyable series , again from about the same time , be `` Danger UXB '' . a series about defuse UneXploded bomb , hence the name . that one you can get from you local library . <br /> <br /> Pete
I think that the movie be really good . Subject , act and Nusrat Fateh ALi Khan 's music be marvellous . although the director have succeed in show the status of woman in rural area and how they suffer at the hand of male-dominated culture , he have neglect Phoolan 's character a bit and have focus more on the violence face by she .
this be a excellent movie . Phoolan have no role model 's to base she action on , yet be able to bring about very necessary change to a land that be live in darkness when it come to female treatment . I like the fact that it be a real story rather than make up , it add to the horror of the story , & the triumph .
the true story of Phoolan Devi who become a national hero in India because she fight for she rights as a woman but in a violent manner . I be surprise to see a powerful film with strong image come out of India instead of the Bollywood art trash classic they churn out .
I see this movie over 5 year ago and the subject still infuriate I , as it should . she anger and initiative be inspiring . not that I would takeover a army and kill people , but the scene at the well and at the rebel strong hold will never leave my mind . this be a great film but be prepare for the strong subject matter .
it may interest people to know that this film be make without any recourse to Phoolan Devi herself and , when she do finally see part of it , be so enraged that she announce that the film be not to be show in India or she would cover herself in petrol and set fire to herself . I do not know whether it be show at all or not , but give she standing at the time as a rise politician , I doubt it . since then , I see a report that she have be oust from office and charge with further crime from she dacoit day , and have go into hide as a result . <br /> <br /> she own concern aside , this be a excellent film , make all the more so by its refreshingly brutal approach ; none of the rose-tinted melodrama one might expect from a typical indian film . it should be stress that concern about how feminist the film 's message really be and the like be essentially irrelevant : it be a true story . she misgiving be , it seem , not with what be depict but with the way in which the film depict she .
the three Stooges have always be some of the many actor that I have love . I love just about every one of the shorts that they have make . I love all six of the Stooges -lrb- Curly , Shemp , Moe , Larry , Joe , and Curly Joe -rrb- ! all of the shorts be hilarious and also star many other great actor and actress which a lot of they be in many of the shorts ! in my opinion the three Stooges be some of the greatest actor ever and be the all time funniest comedy team ! <br /> <br /> one of my favorite Stooges shorts with Shemp be none other than brideless Groom ! all appear in this short be Dee Green , the beautiful Christine McIntyre , Doris Houck , Alyn Lockwood , Johnny Kascier , Nancy Saunders , and Emil Sitka . Green and McIntyre provide great performance here ! there be so many funny part here . this be a very hilarious short . there be another similar three stooge short like this one call Husbands beware and I recommend both !
there be one or two other shemp-era shorts I like more -lrb- i.e. scramble brain -rrb- , but I think one can say -- without much argument -- that in this particular episode , Shemp give he greatest comedic performance as a stooge after rejoin the team in 1946 . <br /> <br /> scene for scene , this episode hardly let up : from Professor Shemp Howard 's voice lesson with the glass-shattering Dee Green , to he futile attempt to win a dame 's hand in marriage -lrb- this be you little snookum ... will you marry I * click * -rrb- to the uproarious finish , it never fail to keep I in stitch . <br /> <br /> I would be remiss not mention that immortal scene with Miss Hopkins -lrb- the always lovely Christine McIntyre -rrb- . btw , be not she rather under-dressed and over amorous in greet the man she think be she ` cousin ' Basil ? who know , maybe the actual Basil be a `` very '' distant cousin , which make it legal in some state -lrb- as far as I know -rrb- . >:-]
not wish to repeat what everyone else have note , I will only say this : <br /> <br /> nearly everybody say they love Curly best ... but I will put brideless groom up against ANY of other the Stooges shorts . <br /> <br /> I think it be the most hilarious from start to finish , as well as be the most re-watchable . <br /> <br /> the off-key singing student ... Christine McIntire 's `` Cousin Basil '' routine , and of course Emil Sitka 's J.P. be highlight , but only around the Stooges ' impeccable timing and the great write too ! <br /> <br /> Nuff say .
a three stooge short , this one feature Shemp . of all those involve Shemp I have see , this be my favorite performance by he in a Stooges short . the basic plot be that Shemp must get marry by 6 o'clock that very evening if he be to inherit the half a million dollar a rich uncle leave he in he will . so Shemp set out to get himself a bride but find it a tougher road than expect , that be until they learn of he inheritance money . best bit here involve Shemp shave , Shemp and Moe in a telephone booth and Larry on piano as accompaniment to Shemp 's voice-training session . also the sequence where Shemp be mistake as Cousin Basil and its outcome prove hilarious .
for the record , I be a curly fan through and through . but I do have to say that in reality , Shemp be not really that bad . yeah , he might have lack the same kind of slapstick that Curly have , but in he own way he be hilarious . at least he be not as bad as Joe Besser . <br /> <br /> in BRIDELESS GROOM , Shemp play a music professor -lrb- Stooge ? a professor ? yeah right -rrb- , who recently inherit a half million dollar from a dead uncle , and Moe & Larry have to prepare he to marry a woman by six o'clock that night , or no money . <br /> <br /> this be one of the Stooges ' first skit with Shemp , before they start recycle they material . perhaps it be not surprising that Shemp be part of the Stooges before Curly come into the picture , so he seem natural at this . the slapstick gag be hilarious , especially this one scene with moe and Shemp in a phone booth . essential Stooge short to be honest .
` Oppenheimer ' with Sam Waterston in the title role and with David Suchet as Evard Teller be a example of the docudrama at its very finest . well write , well act by actor who bear a believable resemblance to they historical character , highly informative , and very entertaining . the set design and costume capture the feel of the US during World War 2 , and the plot and dialog make the viewer feel as if he be really present at Los Alamos and catch up in the excitement of the Manhattan Project . the only downside be that this be a british production , and some of the actor lack skill in affect a convincing american accent . -lrb- the skill of current day Australian & Irish actor take on non-native dialect be amazing . -rrb- the storyline be fully consistent with Richard Rhodes ' definitive history of the development of the atomic bomb . sadly , the mini-series be show only a couple of time on PBS at the beginning of the 1980s and then apparently vanish into oblivion . <br /> <br /> ` Oppenheimer ' compare favorably to the more recent ` Fat Man & Little boy ' feature film with Paul Newman as Leslie Groves -lrb- the chronically overweight and rather homely General would be thoroughly flatter -rrb- and Dwight Schultz -lrb- alumnus of tv 's ` a-team ' -rrb- as Oppenheimer . as a mini-series , ` Oppenheimer ' be around 4x as long as the Newman feature , but use the all of the additional time completely to its advantage .
almost certainly the best three stooge short with Shemp , ` brideless Groom ' be as good as any of the trio 's best shorts feature curly . memorable Stooge moment abound . the opening with ` Professor ' Shemp give voice lesson to homely , untalented and lascivious Miss Dinkelmeyer -lrb- Dee Green -rrb- , wince at she horrendous singing note and fight off she advance , be a excellent example of Shemp Howard at he best . many consider he the most naturally funny of the Stooges . <br /> <br /> later , when Moe and Larry try to help he get spiff up to find a wife -lrb- and claim $ 500,000 -rrb- , Shemp think he have cut off he head when he mirror get flip backward . fix the mirror , he cry with relief , `` there I be ... and pretty as a picture ! '' `` Yea , '' Moe quickly reply , try to hem he slacks , `` of a ape ! '' <br /> <br /> the best scene -lrb- and maybe Shemp 's best with the trio -rrb- come when he pay a call on attractive young Miss Hopkins -lrb- Christine McIntyre -rrb- . mistake he for long-lost `` Cousin Basil , '' she smother he with hug and kiss -lrb- also lead to a hilarious bit between Moe and Larry in the hall -rrb- , not give he a chance to explain he true identity . suddenly the REAL Cousin Basil call and she go berserk , slapping he repeatedly and accuse he of take advantage of `` a poor ... . helpless ... defenseless ... woman ! '' that final line be deliver as she sock he in the jaw -lrb- with a real punch , accord to Shemp and crew member -rrb- , knock he through the door and into the hall in a perfectly execute gag . `` what happen , kid ? '' Moe ask . `` can I help it if I be not Cousin Basil ? '' Shemp ask before pass out . <br /> <br /> other classic bit include Moe and Shemp get tangled in a phone booth , try to find a lose coin , Larry get slap because of Shemp 's bad look -lrb- he face press against the phone booth glass -rrb- , and the great girl fight in the justice of the Peace 's apartment . the great Emil Sitka deliver he classic line -lrb- inscribe on he tombstone -rrb- , `` hold hand , you love bird '' over and over as he apartment be trash . <br /> <br /> I prescribe ` brideless Groom ' as medicine for anyone who think the Stooges ' glory year end when curly left . true , Shemp do not have as many great shorts with the group as curly , but that be due to a increase lack of support from Columbia and he -lrb- and the other ' -rrb- advance age . when Shemp be healthy and the trio be give decent material to work with , they be still on the top of they game .
this be the very first three stooge short with Shemp that I see , and it be one of my favorite ! <br /> <br /> that be what I really like about Shemp when he return after Curly 's stroke , he do not try to be like Curly , he be he own character , and that be what I admire ! Shemp be my favorite third stooge , I like he more than curly , but I like curly as much as I do Shemp . Shemp be great , he be funny , he be silly , he be SHEMP ! <br /> <br /> I really love the scene where he drop the nickel and Moe get into the booth with he to find it and they end up get tangled in the wire and really badly hurt ! <br /> <br /> but what I really think be scary be when Shemp have he face smash against the glass of the phonebooth , he look like a deform Professor Snape ! <br /> <br /> Poor Shemp , he have a lot of bad thing happen to he in this short , but that be just typical three stooge , they always have a lot of bad thing happen to they ! <br /> <br /> this short be another must see for three stooge fan ! <br /> <br /> 10/10
the Stooges be back and funnier than ever . `` brideless Groom '' in my opinion be probably the best shemp flick . <br /> <br /> Shemp have the opportunity to inherit $ 500,000 -lrb- which be probably more than a million dollar compare to today -rrb- from he dead uncle . BUT ! there be a catch . he have to marry someone that day by 6 o'clock . Shemp be a bachelor with not too many admirer , except for one high pitched aggressive annoying singing student of he . but he do not want she , he want someone a little more on the Victoria 's secret model type of woman . but obviously he have no choice since he be no Collin Ferrel himself . but when it be print in the papers that he be to inherit all that money if marry , he ex girlfriend be on the `` I want my man back '' attack ! <br /> <br /> what a great stooge flick ! this be up there with thewinner of all stooge flick ! <br /> <br /> 9/10
`` gargle with old razor blade . can I help it if I be not cousin Basil ? I think the piano 's out of tune . Ginger Grey . this be you little snookum . '' laugh throughout the entire 20 minute short as the boy spoof gold digger and opera singer . they even manage to show we how to properly demonstrate to some attractive lady how to handle both a rifle and a bear trap . wonder how many time they rehearse the scene with the phone booth . add Christine McIntyre and Emil Sitka , 2 frequent collaborator , to the mix make it even better . only Vernon Dent be miss . the Stooges do some great individual scene , but this be they best overall .
Clyde Bruckman borrow the premise of this short from Buster Keaton 's `` seven chance , '' recently tepidly remake as `` the bachelor . '' in the original , Buster have 24-hours to get marry in order to inherit a large sum of money . in this version , musical teacher Prof. Shemp have only 7 hour -lrb- after all , it be a short ! -rrb- . this be one of the better Stooges shorts due to the storyline and wonderful routine -lrb- include the telephone booth scene with Moe & Shemp , reminiscent of Laurel & Hardy 's `` Berth Marks '' and the Marx Brothers famous stateroom scene in `` Night at the Opera - here the boy hold they own in they variation of this routine -rrb- . I be not a huge Stooges fan , but this one should be note by any student of comedy as one of they very best since the early 30s shorts .
ok , the other reviewer have pretty much cover the main point of this great little gem , i.e. the story start out in life as material for Buster Keaton 's silent classic `` 7 chance '' . comedy , or act in any genre for that much , be merely interpret a scene and line that someone else have write and perform before , if it be not a totally original creation . here we have the Stooges essentially do material that be write and perform by someone else and yet for a low budget , short time span of a film , they be handle thing just fine . regardless of what the credit say on they film , real `` stooge-phile '' know that they have a lot of input on line and direction . they take they work as seriously as a surgeon do a vital operation . word speak by Emil Sitka himself during a documentary about the boy . here , what appear to be they usual anarchy over something so simple as get married , be actually organize chaos . every line be perfectly time with a related physical action . how many comedian be around today that can claim such mastery ? most obviously the Seinfeld crew but none other that I have see in the last 35 year of watch tv . the critic will always `` pooh pooh '' the Stooges or Laurel & Hardy and other but then again ... who ever remember the critic 's name or what they say ? simply watch , laugh and enjoy !
the entire civilized world by now know that this be where Emil Sitka say he immortal `` hold hand , you lovebird . '' but Shemp Howard , Professor of Music , steal the show . watch he tutor Dee Green as she fracture the `` voice of spring . '' watch Shemp as he shave by a mirror suspend from the ceiling by a string . watch he as he get wallop by Christine McIntyre . watch he , and you will laugh and learn . Moe be no slouch either . watch he as he attempt to induce a woman to sit on a bear trap . Larry , as usual , be the zen master of reaction . all in all , one of the very best Stooge shorts . you will not find one weak moment .
this film get roasted by the boy at mst3k , but it be actually a neat and nasty piece of low-budget film noir . the plot be tight , the character be believable -lrb- within the good-boy-gets-obsessed-with-bad-girl genre -rrb- , the pacing be solid , the climax be well-handled , and the cast be bolster by several fine character actor . true , most of the time you want to hit the protagonist with a brick , but he be actually quite effectively creepy when he play the mastermind . the scene between he and he dad be quite powerful , in a minimalist kind of way . sure it be depressing , but that be the point . good movie .
for those of you who have no idea what bug juice be or be , it be a child 's reality show about real kid live at summer camp . bug juice be the show that inspire I to go to camp . it be full of romance , friendship , fight , overcome you fear , and deal with the struggle of live away from home for 2 month . it be a amazing show that be no longer show on t.v. regularly , but be amazing non-the-less . the show be never dull and always attract my attention . it be really nice for kid who have never be to a summer camp to really see what it be like before go . Plus Disney do a really good job of pick camp to showcase because who want to see a show that be at a camp for like only a week . the length of the camp where perfect for this show , and the environment they where in be fantastic . they where camp all over the U.S. , that each provide unique activity for the camper . it be a truly amazing , unscripted show .
bug juice change my life . I Know it sound strange , odd , weird . but it do . I be from England , bug juice never air there but five year ago i go on vacation with my family and see it on the Disney channel . once i see this tv series I be hooked I want to go.it take a lot of convince to my parent to allow my brother and I to go to Waziyatah . I have be go since i be 12 and it be my forth year this summer . if you be a teenager reading this come to this camp it change you life . you make life long friend at wazus . it do not matter who you be or if someone at home do not like you everyone like you at camp . you have so much fun . if you want to have a look go on to www.wazi.com and check it out for yourself . it be so much fun I love it there it be my home away from home
President Harry S. Truman once say that the only thing new in the world be the history you do not know . <br /> <br /> seven year before Richard Rhodes ' superb Pulitzer prize-winning `` the make of the atomic bomb '' , the BBC produce a seven-part miniseries , `` Oppenheimer '' , that be a character study of the people who design and build the weapon that usher in the atomic age , permanently join science and technology to the state -lrb- and , in particular , the military -rrb- , not merely make history , but change the world forever . <br /> <br /> the production be impeccable , the casting nothing short of miraculous ; not only the main character , but even secondary character bear uncanny resemblance to the person portray . in particular be Sam Waterston in the title role of american physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer , scientific director of the Manhattan Project , who be base at the Los Alamos , NM , laboratory -lrb- the site for which he personally choose -rrb- ; man Redwood as General Leslie R. Groves , who oversee the entire Manhattan Engineering District -lrb- the project 's formal name -rrb- ; David Suchet as physicist , and ultimate nemesis of Oppenheimer , Edward Teller -lrb- who , nearly forty year later , whisper into Ronald Reagan 's ear and bring we the Strategic Defense Initiative - `` Star Wars '' -rrb- and Jana Sheldon as Kitty Oppenheimer . the attention to detail be uniformly excellent throughout . <br /> <br /> part thriller , part love story - and ultimately a tragedy , this series faithfully recreate a chapter in world history - and that of science - that we dare not forget . highest recommendation . <br /> <br /> -lrb- note : viewer who enjoy this series will also enjoy Jacob Bronowski 's 13-part series `` the ascent of man '' and the BBC film of Michael Frayn 's play `` Copenhagen '' . -rrb-
I absolutely love this show . never understand why it be call bug juice though . I must have be about 13 when it come out . I remember they run it over the summer holiday on channel 4 , between re-run of Pugwalls summer and save by the bell or something like that . I remember sit there and wish i be at summer camp too - ha ha . all the kid in it look to be have so much fun , it be all about `` discover who you be '' and `` grow up . '' First kiss and all that stuff . I remember there be this really cute guy in it , i think he be the main reason i get up in the morning that particular summer . they should have more teen docu-soap like this , i think it be great !
this movie should have easily qualify as a film <br /> <br /> that best promote human understanding among people . <br /> <br /> it may be rather annoy to even try to comprehend that a young jewish southern girl could would give shelter to a escape german prisoner of war . <br /> <br /> Kristy McNichol depict a amazing portrait of the unhappy , young girl thirst for acceptance and love . Michael Constantine give a remarkable performance as she difficult father and Esther Rolle , as the maid , Ruth , give a superb emmy-winning performance as a understanding maid catch up with these event . <br /> <br /> Bruce Davison portray the German who be supposedly not guilty of nazi atrocity . this be how he role appear . he have escape , but he join the german army and he might have be a member of the Hitler youth movement . <br /> <br /> the action take place in 1944 Georgia , in a rural area . the townspeople be fill with prejudice . even the FBI inspector act as if he would like to get something on the Jews . Notice the opposite interpretation that as McNichol be in bed , Davison be hunt down and ultimately shoot . it be interesting to see that society view McNichol as a traitor for harbor a escape prisoner of war . the film also deal with a extremely complex relationship that exist between father and daughter . Constantine 's outburst at he daughter at the end be some acting . as the mother , Barbara Barrie , be give little to do . it be annoy that she be stereotyped as the typical jewish mother with that loud shade of lipstick on she lip . <br /> <br /> memorably do and well worth view .
this film be a study piece for my english class , but it be depth and meaning have amaze I . since we be look closely into all the fact and character in this film , its and interesting tale of love , hate , war , and prejudice . well recommend ! <br /> <br /> Story : A girl name well-off jewish Patty Bergen meet a escape prisoner of war , she then hide he in she playhouse in she huge garden , and as they get to know each other , they begin to see the other quality , and they earn each other love . Patty 's father despise she and treat she like dirt . Anton -lrb- the prisoner of war -rrb- almost blow he cover to protect she , but patty manage to stop he before he be see by anyone .
this movie be one of the best I have ever see . just the other day I be remind of this movie by something on tv . it come back to I like a dam flooding over . I have never be more touch by a movie than by this one . after the movie be over I actually could not quit cry for about 2 hour . no movie have ever move I that way before . I be 15 at the time of the movie and have not see it since but be hope I can find a copy to buy so that I can watch it whenever I want to . if someone suggest you see this movie with they , GO ... you will not be disappoint . <br /> <br /> Peggy Fries
I have not see this movie in 30 year so I do not know if I would like it as much as I do when I be 12 . at the time , however , I love this movie . this be a great `` starter chick-flick '' for young pre-teen girl . be careful of the end , though . there be tear and harsh emotion . <br /> <br /> look back at it from a 2008 perspective -lrb- with so much more knowledge of child psychology , politics and political correctness -rrb- , I think it would be interesting to watch again . Patty 's uncaring , abusive father , indifferent mother and favor sister all contribute toward make she vulnerable and starve for companionship . Patty be sad when Anton leave . she be heartbroken when he be kill . the rage that be direct toward she afterward be shocking . after all , she be only 12 year old . <br /> <br /> the thing that I most strongly retain be how this movie teach I even `` enemy '' soldier be people too . not all german soldier be hateful nazi . when I be older , I see tv show like Hogan 's Heroes and the rat Patrol which also make the point that the `` regular '' german soldier be not the same as the Gestapo . <br /> <br /> `` regular '' soldier be draft . the Gestapo be handpick among volunteer for they special attitude of hate . I believe that one of the privilege of be a nazi be that they have special assignment and , therefore , do not go into battle . they specialty be interrogation and torture . <br /> <br /> later , during the cold war , I would think about russian soldier and remember SOMGS . we be teach that the Soviet Union be `` evil '' . but the reality be that russian soldier be not out to destroy America . they have a job . they government probably tell they that we government be out to destroy they way of life . which , in a way , be true , since the US fight to end Communism . <br /> <br /> the lesson be still applicable today . german soldier be not the same as Nazis just as Muslims be not the same as Al Qaeda .
`` summer of my german soldier '' be one of the many tv movie that become a staple of the small screen in the 1970 -lrb- other be `` Brian 's song '' , `` Sybil '' and `` someone 's watch I ! '' -rrb- . it portray a jewish girl -lrb- Kristy McNichol -rrb- befriend a german pow -lrb- Bruce Davison -rrb- in WWII-era Georgia . one of the thing that the movie show be that many of the german soldier be not really Nazis , but be just draft . watch the movie , I get a real sense of how thing must have be in the South back then ; I mean , can you imagine be a jewish person accuse of support the enemy ? <br /> <br /> so , I certainly recommend this movie . I believe that it be always important to show the thing portray here . occasional overacting keep the movie from be a full-scale masterpiece , but they usually do quite well . I hope that the movie eventually come out on dvd . also star Esther Rolle and Michael Constantine -lrb- the `` my big Fat greek wedding '' patriarch -rrb- .
a touching story tell with tenderness : awkward young jewish girl in WWII America befriend a escape german pow who be hide out in she clubhouse . they discuss they life and belief -lrb- he be anti-hitler -rrb- , she sneak he food , he become she only friend and ally . all this remind I of the much-better theatrical film `` Whistle Down The wind '' , where Hayley Mills befriend convict Alan Bates , but you certainly can not fault the direction here , which be smooth , or the performance , which be sterling . mature in she pre-teen year , Kristy McNichol carry most of the picture and never hit a false note . suddenly , when the prisoner be discover -lrb- and Kristy be find out as well -rrb- , the movie get very tough . she father , shocked and ashamed that he child would consort with `` that nazi '' , lay into she with a quiet fury I have seldom see before -lrb- he tell she `` you be dead to I , '' which must be devastate for a little girl to hear -rrb- . the final scene do not cop out ; there be no big reunion , no hand-holding climax . the girl have to face the world , and in do so learn a bitter lesson about neighbor , friend , and family . a startling film .
when I be in 7th grade -lrb- back in 1977 -rrb- , I be ask to read the novel that this be base on as part of my english class study . I can remember be very touch by it and excite when a tv version come out a year later . <br /> <br /> Kristy McNichol be a popular tv actress when this film be produce and be already play a daughter in a dysfunctional family on the hit tv series `` Family '' . it be clear that she have the range and ability to pull off this part . I recall she as be a bit `` stiff '' at time , but over all she do a good job . she carry the movie well . <br /> <br /> Esther Rolle be fantastic as the domestic who appear to be the only one in the household that seem to truly care for she . Barbara Barrie as the somewhat frightened and slightly neurotic mother be also good , as be young Robin Lively -lrb- who would eventually appear as the black widow Lana Milford in `` Twin Peaks '' -rrb- as the sweet younger sister who seem to be the focus of the parent 's affection . Bruce Davidson be also appropriately appealing as the german soldier of the title <br /> <br /> the best performance , however , belong to Michael Constantine . it be truly powerful and merit more recognition than it get at the time . the bitterness and coldness he express make the scene in which he appear difficult to watch , but make it much easier to understand the quiet desperation of the reject daughter . Constantine give everything the right intensity and seem to have a good understanding of the underlie psychological motivation . <br /> <br /> the film differ from the book only in some small way . it be wonderful and inspiring to watch , and I hope that it get release again on to video or dvd . <br /> <br />
I catch this one on cable and I be very surprised . steady direction and some good performance accent a twisty and very engaging story . this one will keep you up all night think about what be real and what be not . check out Jason Scott Lee in the Lou Diamond Phillips role !
this be the kind of film one initially select to make up the number from video rental ... only to discover a under-rated entertaining and enjoyable movie !! the opening sequence of the police arrive at a dark and rainy house wherein the `` wife '' have commit murder ... . . or be it ?? ... and the remainder of the film seek to unravel what really happen ... ok ... the film be a bit `` campy '' ... but have good editing and dialogue ... professional act ... often humorous ... . and the very last scene with the facial expression be one of the best of its ' kind ... . definitely worth watch ... deserving at least a 7 or a 8 !
I , too , find `` Oppenheimer '' to be a brilliant series and one of the finest offering ever on american PBS . David Suchet be particularly effective as Edward Teller , as I recall , and the overall conception be spectacularly good . the only reason that the series do not rate a full 10/10 be for the low-budget production value in some area . actual content be absolutely first-rate in my recollection . <br /> <br /> the Oppenheimer miniseries will be release in the UK on July 31st ! it will be a region 2/pal set , but it would seem that a region 1/ntsc set should be soon in the offing . <br /> <br /> if you have a universal player in the US , you can order the series right now from Amazon UK . <br /> <br /> http://tinyurl.com/znyyq <br /> <br /> Huzzah !!
the plot of this movie be as dumb as a bag of hair . Jimmy Smit play a character that could have be upset by the ridiculousness of the story . he be evil and a wife beater . it be a character as far from he nypd and LA Law role as you could possibly get . <br /> <br /> if you have think he have the look and the act chop to play the really bad boy role , she be you present . <br /> <br /> but !!!!!!!! Mary Louis Parker wear black miniskirt and little black minidress throughout the movie . <br /> <br /> she have always have some of the greatest leg in the history of the movie . this make the movie well worth it for this leg admirer . <br /> <br /> I would buy the dvd for this reason only if it be available .
this movie be still alive and kick today thanks to the presence of Alan Ladd . this be good in one way because the movie have some interesting thing to say , but bad in another because everyone who watch it expect that tough-guy Ladd be go to hoop through he usual pace , be go to be mighty disappointed . without fanfare or introduction , Ladd be suddenly introduce in the third reel . true , he role be a key one but it be small and likely to get lose in the shuffle . there be many key role in former newspaperman Martin Mooney 's ambivalent screenplay which hit out at all political alliance and quite ruthlessly denigrate Reform candidate . it be the lovely and extremely talent Joan Woodbury who tie the various strand of the wide-ranging story together . unlike the usual Hollywood production , the plot actually proceed in a series of jump , much like the film later turn out by the french `` New Wave '' , though easier to follow here , especially if you be aware that the film 's original title be Paper Bullets . nonetheless , some of the film 's narrative and character switch be a little disconcerting , particularly in the role play by Jack LaRue who have wisely elect to act the part in a strangely non-committal way . one of Jack 's best act job ever , but no-one be likely to notice , alas !
flip through the channel I be lucky enough to stumble upon the beginning of this movie . I must admit that it grab my attention almost immediately . I love older film and this be or should be consider a classic ! one of the most wonderful rarity of this movie be that the main character be not only female but she be also a bad girl . I highly recommend this movie !
great movie . good acting , a wonderful script . it be exciting to find out what the people be think and how they react on the situation they be in . a pity about the end ; a ` page ' of text of how Nynke 's life go on , instead of move image be a poor choice . I hope this movie attract a lot of people ; it be worth it !
this wonderful film be a love story , and show that not all relationship be destine to last . even so they can be great & worth the pain & suffering of breakup . <br /> <br /> director Pieter Verhoeff give we a insight of the period around 1900 , the way society -lrb- mis -rrb- treat woman , and how a very strong woman -lrb- nynke -rrb- deal with . with great costume , landscape , lovely music and good actor and act this photoplay draw you in for the length of the movie . <br /> <br /> at first the end be a bit sudden , a page describe the rest of she life scroll . on reflection this be a great -lrb- the best -rrb- way to have you own fantasy create the rest of she life . <br /> <br /> this be the second movie for I that have people sit while the end title scroll by -lrb- the first be Schindler 's list -rrb- . apparently the movie have this effect on everybody .
Nynke be a classy film movie in the same style as the Oscar win film character -lrb- 1997 -rrb- . but this comparison immediately urge I to add that the latter be quite more exciting ... <br /> <br /> Sure , Nynke be a beautiful historic & costume drama -lrb- with fantastic act by Monic Hendrickx ! -rrb- in which you witness the personal growth of ` Nynke van Hichtum ' in she marriage to Pieter Jelles Troelstra . the subtitle of this movie be ' a lovestory ' . so it start , and end with they marriage . <br /> <br /> but that be where the director make a crucial mistake ! Nynke 's exciting , independent life start when the marriage end . she write several child 's book and travel around the world . what a great life she have live . but Pieter Verhoeff put Nynke back in the trammel of convention that depress she and that she struggle out of : the thought that she life extend just she marriage to Troelstra , be no one else but the mother of they kid . <br /> <br /> Let 's all hope for Nynke II !
a touching movie about a talented woman who struggle with a society and a love that structurally underestimate she . the issue be subtly address and timeless , as many of the depict difficulty between man and woman still exist in dutch society today . this movie be a tribute to all modern woman without dwelling on feminism . not only the story be well tell , the act and the scenery be great as well .
recovery be a incredibly move piece of work , handle the devastating effect of brain injury on not only the individual , but the entire family . without resort to preach or Hollywood sappy ending , Tony Marchant 's drama present a family in crisis in a realistic way . <br /> <br /> highest praise go David Tennant and Sarah Parish for they incredible performance . I have presume before watch the drama that I would see some of they previous on screen relationship in Blackpool bleed through -- but it never do . neither actor be recognizable from any previous work , and I do not see either of they as a actor play a part during the entire 90 minute . in addition , Harry Treadaway 's performance as the son just on the cusp of start he own life in university be fantastic - throughout the piece , he show the torn nature of a teenage boy throw into the unwilling role as man of the house , <br /> <br /> at time , nearly every character in the drama be unsympathetic . as the viewer , I want to give each of they a good smack to wake up to reality , stop mope , and start adjust to the rotten but very present change in they life . but under the same circumstance , I see myself act like any of they - switching between try to show the stiff upper lip to desperation to escape to anything , include behavior that be completely unlike myself . it be the show 's greatest strength - truth , without sugar coating , to force we all to think what we would be able to do under the same circumstance . <br /> <br /> this be a difficult , but must-watch show . I hope that it somehow manage to be show in the U.S.
David Tennant and Sarah Parish 's brilliant acting have I in tear as many of the scene be so familiar to I . my husband suffer a sub-arachnoid haemorrhage in 1977 and require a major operation which involve lift he brain and plug the leak . like Tricia I be naive enough to expect that he would return to be he former self . after over 25 year of loving and caring for he he abandon I without warn to go and live with a woman he hardly know . he then petition for and I be now go through a divorce . I do hope the programme help people to understand what it be like to cope with brain injury .
recovery be a well-judged and balanced drama of a sensitive subject that do not sentimentalise the main character . David Tennant and Sarah Parish bring to the fore the complex and conflict emotion of a couple deeply in love struggle to come to term with the personality change they both endure and also must make to survive a tragic accident . <br /> <br /> tennant , as Alan , bring humour as well as a dangerous lecherousness , as a engineer recover from a memory loss bring on by a road accident . Alan be not portray simply as a victim but as human be with feeling do the best he can to make sense of he new life . Sarah Parish 's Tricia be not a clichéd stand-by-her-man housewife who will do anything to support she husband . she struggle with fall out of love with Alan , as the man she once new and love be now a completely different person - a stranger to she . <br /> <br /> contrary to some opinion , this - in my view - make perfect Sunday night view . too often , we be show soft family drama or detective series , like Heartbeat , which rot and putrefy the brain . Programme commissioner seem to think that the traditional day of rest be also a day when we mind go to sleep . more challenging and thought-provoking drama like recovery would seriously change the situation .
I can not remember the series , I believe it may have be `` american master '' , but it be broadcast on PBS around 1980 . most people have some knowledge of the development of the a bomb , and those that have little , or none , probably think it be a pretty dry subject . anyone who have view this 7 part series do not feel that way . you get to know the turmoil in Oppenhemiers mind , and how the development change he life forever . you understand the tragic figure he become , and why . with 7 episode you get to know the major player , and the intrigue and backstabbing . I have contact PBS about the chance of obtain a video , or dvd , but have never receive a response . too bad , I would love to see it again .
I be so glad I tape this film when it come on BBC last month ! it blow my mind , so gut wrenching and real . David Tennant be absolutely fabulous in this , even though he character be not always that easy to like or identify with . the final scene where he play the song just break my heart , those eye ... <br /> <br /> I be guess that he make this film in between the Dr. who series , and that make it even more of a achievement for I . I just love Dr. who and yet I see absolutely nothing of he in Mr. Tennants portrayal of this man who know that he have change and struggle to create some sort of new identity and life . <br /> <br /> great little intense drama !
I be blub like a idiot during the last ten minute of this exceptional piece of television . I have to say that the idea of sit down to view 90 minute of what be bind to be pretty depressing material on a Sunday , be not a welcome one . the thought of yet another , over worthy , BAFTA win possibility do not enthuse I ... . however the end result knock I for 6 . this be some of the best television I have see in age . for year I be under the impression that all originality have leave the BBC 's drama department . we friend in the North be the last production that truly blow I away and that be 10 year ago . however faith be restore and honour be satisfied . David Tenant be incredible ! so many actor I can think of would have really go to town on a part like this , but never once do I see Mr Tenant as a actor or as the Doctor , all I see be Alan Hamilton . I have not have my heart wrench this much since Daniel Craigs performance as Geordie Peacock all those year ago . Sarah Parish be also incredible and I really hope this role bring she better role in the future . all of the cast be great but special mention must go to the director who really place we inside Alans head . the toaster scene , in particular , make I feel quite queasy .
when I see this on tv i be nervous ... what if they mess it up ? million of family like mine that live with a brain damage man , in my case my Dad , would be let down . I watch it with my mum and we both end up cry , it be so accurate and capture how the family feel as well as the person have suffer the brain injury . the actor be all wonderful and I have no complaint , my mum tell I she have not be able to stop think about it . I hope this program make many people aware of what it be like live with brain damage and what it be like for the family . more program like this should be make , I be surprise at how good it be and it be really shake I up emotionally .
totally disgusting and cheap bawdy humor . I love it !!! it be the most disgusting and totally horribly act film , except for Nicolas Read , who play a un-dead Court Jester , to comic brilliance . but be that as it may , I laugh so many time and I have to hand it to the film maker , it be not pretentious or ordinary in any way . rape , fight , zombie vomitt on they rape victim . what other movie have this ? not for the quesy , but with a pizza , a bong , and a six pack of beer , you get it make , if you have a cast iron stomach and a juvenille sense of humor like myself .
I feel compel to comment on this film because it be list as the fourth lowest-rated sci-film of all time on the IMDb . what !?!? sure , this movie be crappy , but it be hilarious ! it be not awful on a Ed Wood level , it be more surreal and uneven . <br /> <br /> there be some classic moment in the film . the brain surgery be gross and great - and even nuttier when you consider that the film be rate PG ! Gor chasing after he dolly before get battery acid dump on he face - `` Mine ! gimmee ! '' Zandor Vorkoff 's speech at the beginning of the film - `` before Amir , Kali be but another weak nation struggle to break free from century of stagnant feudalism ! '' Angelo Rossito also have some great line - `` no , Gor ! no ! '' `` you want these key , do not you , my pretty ? '' it be absolutely wrong that this be the 4th lowest-rated sci-film on the imdb because it be ENTERTAINING . no matter how bad a film be , if it still manage to be weird , quirky , unsettling , or entertaining , it have merit and do not deserve to be dump on and dismiss . I will not defend most of Al Adamson 's film , but this one , along with Dracula VS. FRANKENSTEIN and blood of ghastly horror , be entertaining enough to make up for they awfulness .
this film revolve around a arabian leader -lrb- Amir -rrb- who die and want to live on . so a Dr. Lloyd Trenton be be pay to transplant Amirs brain into a `` willing '' participant . but in the doctor basement he dwarf assistant dorro -lrb- Angelo Rossitto -rrb- drain young girl blood for the doctor purpose . so meanwhile Doctor Llyod pay a man to kill the people who assist Amir into the country -lrb- which be Reed Hadley , Grant Williams , and various unknown bodyguard . -rrb- . Grant be the only survivor when he car crash off the road . while this have happen the doctor other assistant Gor be send out to get a body for amir and hurt he so badly Dr.Llyod cant operate . meanwhile , Grant find Amirs `` girlfriend '' Regina Carrol and tell she he story . Grant see the man who drive he off the road and dorro kill he . then since Gor fail to get a body D.r Llyod put Amirs brain into Gors disfigure body . then Grant and Regina go to the doctor lab a <br /> <br /> ------------------------ SPOILERS ------------------------- find out he secret . soon Amir -lrb- Gor -rrb- be prance around kill people and in the muddle of what I think be plot dr.llyod have a brain-ray gun which hurt Amir on command . it turn out dr.lloyd want a country in which all scientist can work without law . so then Regina die . and at the end Amirs new body -lrb- I think -rrb- say that it shall be a new country blah blah . <br /> <br /> I still do not get the end but overall this be a very enjoyable piece of smelly cheese.this film feature Grant Williams in he second to last film roll . I recommend it for any fan of Al Adamson or if you like brain .
american-made final entry in the `` Blood Island '' series of Filipino horror film concern Abdul Amir -lrb- Reed Hadley -rrb- , ruler of a fictional country . he die of cancer , yet it be figure out how to bring he back : put he brain into a donor body . the mad doctor in charge -lrb- Kent Taylor -rrb- put it in a highly unlikely body : the facially scar giant manservant name Gor -lrb- John Bloom -rrb- . a doctor friend of the ruler try to remedy matter and put a end to the mad doctor ' plan . <br /> <br /> film-making partner Samuel M. Sherman -lrb- producer -rrb- and Al Adamson -lrb- director -rrb- corral several actor they have work with before , include Taylor , Adamsons ' sexy wife Regina Carrol , Angelo Rossitto , Zandor Vorkov , and Vicki Volante . they try to go for the feel of the previous `` Blood Island '' entry but one can tell this be make stateside . while not necessarily a `` good '' film , it be get a bunch of amusing element to add up to a entertainingly trashy whole . a malevolent dwarf -lrb- rossitto -rrb- , gory operation , a rather unconvincing makeup job on Bloom , the political intrigue subplot , cavern full of cobweb , etc. . the narrative be actually pretty coherent , with plot twist throw in here and there . I think it could have be trim a bit ; some scene drag . but it be get its fun moment and a end people might not expect . <br /> <br /> for this kind of thing , the acting be not too bad . both Taylor and Rossitto be fun ; the latter seem to be have quite a good time in he role . Volante be appeal enough , and Williams be O.K. in the heroic role . in any event , it be nice to see all of these familiar face in one of these film . <br /> <br /> absolutely nothing special , but as a trashy b `` horror '' -lrb- I use the word loosely , none of this be exactly scary -rrb- film , it certainly amuse . <br /> <br /> 7/10
brain of blood start as Abdul Amir -lrb- Reed Hadley -rrb- the leader of a country call Kahlid be close to death because of cancer , however if he die Kahlid will tear itself apart without anyone to lead they so doctor Robert Nigserian -lrb- Grant Williams -rrb- & one of Amir 's devotee Mohammed -lrb- Zandor Vorkov -rrb- have devise a plan to take Amir 's dead body to America where mad scientist Dr. Lloyd Trenton -lrb- Kent Taylor -rrb- will transplant he brain into a fresh body & with a bit of plastic surgery no-one will ever know he be even dead . thing do not go accord to plan though as when the time come to transplant Amir 's brain Trenton 's freak assistant Gor -lrb- John Bloom -rrb- bring a dead body of someone that fall from a balcony , Trenton need a strong fit living body & since there be no more time he decide to use Gor 's body as a temporary stop-gap until another more suitable one can be find . unfortunately when Amir wake up in he new body he be not very happy at what he see , I mean would you be if you find out you brain be inside a badly burned freak ? <br /> <br /> also know as brain damage , the brain , the Creature 's Revenege & the undying brain this cheapo exploitation flick be produce & direct by the one & only Al Adamason & quite frankly I be offend at the pathetic 1.5 rating brain of blood have on the IMDb , personally I think it be terrific fun in a so bad it be good sort of way . the highly entertaining script by Kane W. Lynn & Joe Van Rodgers be as loopy & silly as they come from sloppy blood soak brain transplant to craze mad scientist , from 7 foot tall acid scar freak who play with toy car to 4 foot tall midget medical assistant 's , from basement dungeon to rooftop chase , from car crash to assassination 's , kidnap to scream scantily clad woman , from Regina Carrol 's hair-do which should get it be own mention during the opening credit to teenage girl imprison in the basement for blood to a laugh-out-loud hilarious end which include some deep meaningful speech ! it be all here & brain of blood have quality cheese stamp all over it , if you a fan of bad low budget exploitation flick with a sense of fun then this film should be right at the top of you list of ` must see ' film . despite it be lowly 1.5 rating I be proud to admit that I like brain of blood a lot , I think it be a absolute hoot to watch , it slow down a bit at the end with a few too many shot of people wander around do nothing in particular but until that point it have move along like a rocket , at only 85 minute it be relatively short , it be difficult to second guess the barmy plot & I just think it be load of campy fun . <br /> <br /> this be director Adamson 's masterpiece as far as I be concerned along with Dracula vs. Frankenstein -lrb- 1971 -rrb- which he make a year before this . those who have see a Adamson film before will know about the none existent production value , cheap special effect & cardboard set & that all add to the fun , this film manage that fine between incompetence & seriousness to create a memorable view experience . I love the opening shot of kahlid which be obviously just a photo of the Taj Mahal in India complete with statuesque people in the foreground ! Regina Carrol 's hair seem to be a separate entity on it be own , it seem to change style between shot & be frankly horrendous , do not get I start about she make-up job either that she must apply with a a paint sprayer ! there be another hilarious moment when we see Amir 's body have be transport to America wrap in what look like ordinary tin foil , why be the question I ask myself , why !? the effect be variable , there be a terrible look fake spider , Gor 's burn make-up job be pretty bad although there be a surprisingly gory brain removal which be actually quite impressive . <br /> <br /> the budget for brain of blood must have be practically none existent , I must admit I think Trenton 's lab be quite good with various computer & medical instrument although the rest of the film look cheap & nasty . the production value be low , the music be take from another film beast of blood -lrb- 1971 -rrb- & the acting be awful but in a campy fun sort of way . <br /> <br /> brain of blood may have the best title for a exploitation film ever & as far as I be concerned it be a highly entertaining piece of nonsense that I have a great time watch & laugh at . they just do not / can not / will not make they like this anymore , impossible to recommend to anyone look for a good film but bad movie lover should enjoy it . I like it , but then again I be just weird .
I see this black and white comedy noir yesterday at the London film Festival . structurally , it have be compare to Pulp fiction but it be perhaps closer to the structure of Amores Perros and the slacker mood of Kevin Smith 's Clerks . four story intersect at a french motorway diner . the first vignette have Franck -lrb- Edouard Baer -rrb- bungle a hold up at the diner . the waitress , Suzie -lrb- Anna Mouglalis -rrb- take pity and tell he she story . the second have two incompetent kidnapper , Leon -lrb- Bouli Lanners -rrb- and Paul -lrb- Serge Lariviere -rrb- take a teenage girl from she rich family . unfortunately for they , she be suicidal and she family do not appear to want she back . the third be a dialogue between two ageing rock star who bump into each other at the diner -lrb- Alain Bashung and Arno play themselves -rrb- . the final part be about four ex-criminal who smuggle they old partner out of hospital to visit they old hideout which have since be turn into ... the diner . a ` epilogue ' return to Franck and Suzie to complete they story -lrb- not really a epilogue , more a conclusion -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the structure do not really work . the story be not sufficiently intertwine as in Pulp fiction . nor be the diner crucial to the action to at least two of the story in the way the car crash be crucial in the four story of Amores Perros . the quality of the individual story vary . the hideout story be a cute idea , with a couple of good gag , but do not come off ; and the rock star reunion be pointless and dull . on the other hand , the kidnap story be hilarious , although its connection to the diner be tenuous . the most balanced and successful story be the Franck and Suzie one . <br /> <br /> this film be not entirely successful but have moment of interest and hilarity . I look forward to see more of writer/director 's Samuel Benchetrit 's work .
this be a slightly uneven entry with one standout sequence involve a over-the-hill gang reminisce in the diner that once - thirty year previously - be they hideout ; one ho-hum duologue between two ageing rock muso ; a noirish kidnap turn on its head and a opening sequence -lrb- plus epilogue -rrb- involve heist artist wannabe Edward Baer and current ` hot ' property Anna Magloulis which have its moment . no movie in which Jean Rochefort appear can be dismiss lightly and here he shine as one of the over-the-hill quintet , indeed the film be worth see for Rochefort alone but each of the sequence have something to offer and it be definitely worth a look .
I watch this minus in the early eighty . Sam Waterson prove himself to be a great actor . in fact when he begin law and order I be disappoint in he as it be not as powerful a role . unfortunately the good role do not pay the bill . I wish I could find a copy of this rare series and review it . it be both factual and entertaining . everyone should see it to know what really happen . I be so move I purchase and read the book `` Pppenheimer-Shatterer of Worlds '' . and see how this man become a unlikely hero who be never reward for he insight . if you get a chance be sure to watch this movie and see what a performance Mr. Waterston can really provide a audience . enjoy the movie !
I first see it at 5am January 1 , 2009 , and after a day i watch it again and i want to watch it again . love everything -lrb- well , almost , so 9 star -rrb- about it . no color , beautiful naive story , funny gangster , Anna , camera work , music . well , sometimes you just want to listen little bit longer and the music just stop . but this be not a musical after all . I like Anna 's acting , this naive wannabe gangster girl , how she speak , hold the gun , everything make I smile . no , it be not that funny , though i have laugh a bit at some moment , it be just so subtle . excellent work by Samuel Benchetrit . though 3d nouvelle seem weaker , but they be also gangster , maybe even worse , cause they be steal idea . and the last scene be my favorite . make I feel so warm and . . romantic . yes , i would recommend this movie for the romantic soul with a taste for such art-housish movie . and i do not agree with those compare it to Pulp fiction . it be not about action and twisted story , though all vignette intersect . it be calm , and maybe too slow movie for most of the people . it be about character , they feeling , very subtle . anyway , probably this review will not be of much help to anyone -lrb- my first -rrb- , just want to express my appreciation . <br /> <br /> spoiler : this movie do not have a Goofs section . wonder , do not anybody notice that hand in the 2 part when the kidnapper decide to go home ? look like a part of crew , hehe . I know i should better post this in forum , but i do not agree with some policy here .
this movie definitely show something and shed light on what happen in most institution today , and show how one gurl just with the help of she newspaper manage to get thing do , she editor have complete faith in she and do not publish something important , because it would harm she friend ... and when it be the right time she take the necessary action . <br /> <br /> the movie overall get a rating of 9 from I , because its get everything , i mean it keep you entertain , and moreover , they have act really well , for a tv movie , its really high quality act that deserve alot of credit .
I like this movie . many people refer to it as `` Sabrina the teenage Feminist '' . they do that with a lot of movie that Melissa Joan Hart be in . still , she really surprise I in this movie because she be great in the part of Mary , who fight for justice when she roommate be rape . you could tell that Hart be extremely determine in this movie and it show . I also like Lisa Dean Ryan as Mary 's roommate . she be very effective in make I feel sorry for she character after she be rape . Josh Hopkins be good as the cocky and egotistical rapist . Lochlyn Munro convincingly play he character . the act in this movie be better than in most tv movie , in my opinion . <br /> <br /> the movie be pretty predictable though . also , I expect more from the end , it be too abrupt . the delivery could have be better . but the performance and overall plot make up for these problem .
I actually flip to Lifetime channel by mistake , just as this movie be begin , and ended-up watch it . <br /> <br /> it certainly deal with a serious issue , probably more prevalent than we realize , in term of this type of attack of a young woman by a ego-maniacal fellow-student , who feel he be above the system , and , unfortunately , often be . <br /> <br /> the cast here be believable , and the performance credible . a lot of these canadian/lifetime flick be decidedly `` over-the-top . '' however , this be one I might label as `` under-the-top . '' <br /> <br /> while appreciate the fact that it be not present in a overblown fashion , this film somehow seem like a record be play at a slower speed than proper , the 96 minute seem like many more , and it have the effect of look like a shorter film , loop over-and-over , seemingly go on and on and on and on - before reach its inevitable and predictable conclusion . <br /> <br /> yet the engaging character and performance make it better than the average film of this type , despite these criticism . <br /> <br /> and while these picture often `` milk '' the climax , this one could have give it a bit more detail and length .
in my work with the only nationwide non-profit organization , Security on Campus , Inc. dedicate exclusively to the issue of college campus crime prevention and student awareness I see all too often the type of campus violence and ` cover-up ' through secret campus court portray in the movie ` silencing Mary . ' in fact we receive numerous call and request for information every month from campus reporter such as ` Mary ' who be face similar situation . <br /> <br /> its depiction of a campus rape and the subsequent crusade by ` Mary , ' the victim 's roommate and a student journalist play exceedingly well by Melissa Joan Hart , for justice be very well do and accurately research . <br /> <br /> this be the first television movie that I have ever see that I feel truly reflect and encompass all of the various complex issue associate with how rape and other violent crime be deal with on we nation 's college and university campus . although it would not be possible to address all of these issue in depth in 2 hour , this movie come closer than any other I have see .
this production be quite good . the usual fabulous scenery , interesting , quirky character . it be just so strange not to have Captain Hastings , Miss Lemon , and Poirot 's office/residence , so prominently feature in the original pbs/bbc mystery . <br /> <br /> in the original series , so much take place at the office . Hastings read the paper , while Poirot `` exercise he little gray cell . '' Miss Lemon pitch in whenever need . <br /> <br /> poirot without Capt. Hastings would be like Holmes without Watson ... he can most certainly solve the crime , but it be not as interesting . <br /> <br /> and what would a Poirot mystery be without Hastings , with he impeccable manners , fall for some beautiful , unattainable woman .
count I as be one who be happy to see no Hastings in this episode . the poor-man 's Dr. Watson do nothing for I , as he simply drag down every scene he be in . Japp be often necessary to the story as the representative of officialdom , and a little Miss Lemon be fine for seasoning , but Hastings swing from painfully dim to over-mannered in different episode . if I have to sit through one more vacuous `` oh , I say there ! '' I 'll take the gas-pipe . <br /> <br /> as a general rule , the more Poirot you get in a Poirot story , the better . every line for Hastings be one take away from Poirot . and I have never read the book , so I really do not care about fidelity to Christie 's character . a lot of viewers/reviewers seem to have a problem with separate the movie from the book . if you want the book as write , then read it . I do not see the point of watch the television version if you know what will come next at every stage . Theatre be not prose - do not expect a transcription .
Richard Abernethie , a very wealthy man , have die and he relative have assemble for he funeral . include in the funeral party be Abernathie 's youngest sister Cora Galaccio . while none of the family have see Cora in at least 20 year , they all agree that Cora be always a bit different . so when Cora say something about Abemethie have be murder , most laugh it off as one of Cora 's eccentricity . but someone be obviously take Cora seriously . the next day , Cora be find dead in she bed have be beat violently . be there a connection between the two death ? it be up to Hercule Poirot to find a killer . <br /> <br /> after the Funeral be one of the most well put together episode of the entire Poirot series . I have always be a fan of this particular Agatha Christie book and , from what I remember , the movie be as faithful to Christie 's source material as any of the Poirot installment . the mystery be top notch with plenty of clue , suspect , and red herring . and as I have write before , I always enjoy a Christie story where Hercule Poirot gather everyone together in a draw room for the final reveal . it might be old fashion , but that be the way I like it . get beyond the plot , technically and artistically after the Funeral be a winner . set , editing , direction , and cinematography be as good as you 'll find in one of these movie . the acting be equally impressive . I have come to expect a enjoyable performance from David Suchet as Poirot and he do not disappoint here . the rest of the cast be just as strong with Monica Dolan give a especially noteworthy performance . other than a minor quibble with the rapid fire way the character be introduce , I have get no real complaint . it be a good show all the way around .
although I have definitely read this particular Agatha Christie book at some point , I do not remember anything about it except the name `` Abernethie '' . which be a good thing , because see this story unfold without know how it will play out allow I to appreciate once more the sheer genius of Agatha Christie : the way she mislead you and then pull the rug out from under you foot be the main reason for she success and timelessness . in addition to she story , the excellent production value , beautiful location , wonderful music , top-notch acting , elegant directing , etc. be the reason for this series ' success and timelessness - and all those virtue be present in `` after the Funeral '' . a word of advice : be alert right from the start - there be clue drop all over the place even in the opening sequence ! there be some quite unnerving moment as well , in contrast to the peaceful-looking english-countryside location , and some small touch of humor . a must-see for mystery buff , and just a very good film in general . -lrb- *** -rrb-
as most other reviewer seem to agree , this adaptation of ` after the funeral ' be very good indeed . always one of my favourite Poirot story I be worry that it might be ` mess about with ' . well , it be a little bit but ONLY a little bit and the end the result be thoroughly entertaining . David Suchet continue to be well nigh faultless as Poirot and -lrb- as other have point out -rrb- the other star of this show be Monica Dolan who surely could not be better as Miss Gilchrist . I also really enjoy Fiona Glasscott who be spot on as the cut Rosamund Shane but really , the casting be quite impeccable throughout ! <br /> <br /> one point be knock off for the adaptor not be able to resist cram too many revelation into the final fifteen minute . the business with the will and house deed be all a bit unnecessary although I do not mind how they tighten up the structure of the abernethie family -lrb- in the book the family tree be really quite complicated -rrb- . the final moment when the murderer be reveal however be really incredibly well do and I find the very end , when they all leave Enderby , quite touching . this be really one of the very best of the Poirot series so far .
absolutely the best thing I have ever see on tv . it be both entertaining and informative . the reason I find this site be a attempt to find out how I can again see it . <br /> <br /> in the light of present understanding of history we have to sympathize with Gen. Leslie Groves who be responsible for the nut and bolt of run the Manhattan Project . most certainly he be not as paranoid about security as most have think in the past . <br /> <br /> the casting for the real life people portray be outstanding . it be the first time that I notice Sam Waterston as a actor . except for height he look very much like Robert Oppenheimer . <br /> <br /> the early scene in which Oppenheimer be lead a class of graduate student be especially intriguing to I .
some less than inspire opening string music notwithstanding , we somehow know that from the word go this be head straight for the `` big fun '' drawer . by the time we observe Monica Dolan -lrb- in a truly genius bit of casting -rrb- delightfully goof it up as Cora early on we be already hooked , but it be only later on when she reveal herself in she marvellous screen creation , that derange , scheming , maleficent queen of murder and deceit pose in the guise of the uptight Miss Gilchrist , that she not only effortlessly steal the entire telemovie for herself but quite simply blow off screen anyone who come near she , include the ever well measure David Suchet who himself seem to be somewhat bedazzle by she acting talent and , very gentlemanly , allow she to take centre stage . Dolan be the true engine of the film and she Miss Gilchrist a genuinely well round character in this Christie rendition , help by a zesty script and the sprightly paced direction - and also by the rest of the cast lead by Geraldine James and Dominic Jephcott , who all display sign of sympathy for the give material and play with relish accordingly . <br /> <br /> the production value be spot on as usual , and if there be any weaker link they might be locate in the comparatively substandard music score to the majority of later poirot , and also perhaps in the lack of a genuine italian-born actor for the role of Cora 's husband . other than that , this be a hour and a half of pure televisual delight which be as self indulgent and entertaining as it be lovingly put together .
I see this film on the A&E channel this past weekend . the mystery be okay , I be not able to guess the culprit before the end . but I enjoy the character and they development much more than the mystery . there be a mystery about some of they , especially George Abernathie , perform by the wonderful Michael Fassbender , and George 's cousin , Susannah . in fact , the story of those two character leave I want to know more . from what I have try to glee about the Agatha Christie book of the same title , I think this film do not follow it to the letter . very good performance by the actor involve , especially Fassbender and the lady who play Cora/companion .
after the Funeral be absolutely superb , and by far the best episode of the season . I be disappoint with Cards on the Table , that start off so well but let down considerably by the last half hour , and I do not know what to think of take after the Flood , though I do remember be confuse at the end . after the Funeral as I have say be one of my all time favourite poirot episode , up there with five little pig , sad Cypress and the ABC Murders . I be afraid that they would ruin the story , but instead it be very faithful to the book . now I will say I do not mind change to book , and try not to compare movie and tv adaptation to they source , except when the book be a masterpiece and the adaptation do not do it justice . that be why I dislike some of the Marples like Nemesis and sleep murder , and so far out of the Poirots the murder of Roger Ackroyd , take at the Flood and Cards on the Table be the only one that really do disappoint . everything else range from good to outstanding , even the recent appointment with death , despite the many deviation from the book , which I admit be not a favourite , be surprisingly good , thanks to the marvellous production value , stellar ensemble performance and outstanding music score . back to after the Funeral , the production value be fantastic . it have a really cinematic feel to it , and the stunning photography and splendid scenery and costume make it a visual feast for the eye . the music be very stir and even haunting , and the entire cast give wonderful performance . David Suchet be impeccable as always as Poirot , and Geraldine James and Anna Calder Marshall be just as terrific . but for I , the standout be Monica Dolan as Mrs Gilchrist , she be up there with Donald Sumpter and Polly Walker as the best support actor/actress in a Poirot episode , that be how good she performance be . all in all , a must see , one of the best poirot episode by far , and one of the more faithful one too . 10/10 Bethany Cox
for those of you still in the dark , I will not spoil this Christie , as it be definitely one of she finest work , and I stress that you should see it whenever you next have free time ! if any of the adaptation be to be watch before -lrb- or in lieu of -rrb- read the book , I would suggest `` after the Funeral '' for the follow reason . <br /> <br /> I want to praise the performance by Monica Dolan -lrb- Miss Gilchrist -rrb- , whose employer-companion Cora be brutally murder at the outset of the film . she portrayal of a shocked , nervous , insignificant woman be actually move , especially when she have a moment of personal connection with Poirot , another person who travel alone in `` the journey of life . '' and when the murderer be be reveal in typical Poirot denouement fashion , Dolan 's reaction to the revelation be act at its finest : you feel as angry at the murderer as you do sympathetic to Miss Gilchrist ... something uncommon in Christie lore . <br /> <br /> although there be a couple of discrepancy between novel and film adaptation , as per usual -lrb- the business of the will perhaps make less sense in the film -rrb- , the unbelievably lavish recreation of post-war England , thoroughly high calibre of act and direct , and preservation -lrb- if not heighten -rrb- of Christie 's mystery and intrigue render these discrepancy insignificant . <br /> <br /> Bravo Suchet , Dolan and the whole team for craft this masterpiece of murder mystery theatre , and the producer who give it the green light ! encore !
Aunt Cora have always be tactless , and she well-bred family ignore the remark she make after she brother Richard 's funeral : `` he be murder , be not he ? '' . they remember it the next day , when Cora be find brutally murder with a hatchet ... <br /> <br /> for some reason , the POIROT movie this year have be far from faithful to the original book . I be disappoint about the change make in card on the table -- my favourite Poirot book . after the funeral be my 2nd favourite Poirot book , and I be scare the story would be destroy . it be not ! the movie be nearly page-for-page faithful throughout , right down to the killer 's motive ! all the actor be wonderful , but my favourite have get to be Monica Dolan , who give a great performance as Miss Gilchrist , the companion to the late Aunt Cora . without a doubt the best poirot movie ever !
David Suchet be Agatha Christie 's mustached detective Hercule Poirot in `` after the Funeral , '' produce in 2005 . anyone who have hear David Suchet speak with he own british accent know what a shock it be , because he accent as Poirot be so perfect and organic to the character . Suchet be the Poirot of Agatha Christie 's book , and although I confess a love for Peter Ustinov in the role , he portrayal do not have that much to do with what Christie write . <br /> <br /> in this episode , Poirot be ask by a solicitor friend to investigate the possible murder of one of he client . enroute on the train , the solicitor recount the event after the death - a strange will disinherit the expect heir and the pronouncement of the man 's sister that he be murder . when Poirot meet the family , he discover adultery , lot of secret , another will and murder . <br /> <br /> the story be excellent with rich production value and a wonderful , detailed depiction of the time period . all of the acting be superb , particularly from Monica Dolan , who play Miss Gilchrist . Poirot here be without Hastings , he beautiful office , or Miss Lemon but he be effective nonetheless . <br /> <br /> I have the privilege of see David Suchet on Broadway in `` Amadeus . '' breathtaking . what a actor - when he be play Poirot , all I see be Poirot .
I be surprise that I like this movie . but it remind I of a 2004 version of the first Friday the 13th . there be a number of cheesy element , yet at the same time there be many cool one . the story line be good -- predictable if you have see more than one or two horror movie , but full of one-liner to make it worthwhile . there be some memorable scene worth watch . a few issue I have with the plot have to do with the continuity of the character . for instance in the opening scene the scarecrow -lrb- which be human on stake , whose blood be drain to grow the crop -rrb- , look very real , but later in the film they look more like fake scarecrow wear blue color mask . there be more than several gap in the plot , and the acting be mediocre , but at least it sound like how real people talk , unlike Hollywood movie where the dialogue be really fake sound when you think about it . the culmination of the last scene , when the main character say `` I be not a Baker , I be a Connell ! '' and lop the head off of the scarecrow be satisfy , as he friend have for the most part be kill off by these creature at that point .
this movie be to I a fairly enjoyable watch , I mean it be not great but it be one of the better horror movie of late . it seem to have be low , almost state benefit budget size but it have it be charm like the lovely lady in it . the atmosphere be good also -lrb- which be what be miss froma hell of a lot of horror movie these day -rrb- . the acting be you typical 80 's low budget affair , that be in case you do not know be that it be `` dud '' act . but that be what Lucio Fulci 's movie be full of , they like this movie have atmosphere what they be lack in storyline and money etc. . they more than make up for in the horror & gore & atmosphere for the movie it be self . <br /> <br /> it be just a typical low budget horror movie that be watchable , I watch it all the way and I love horror movie . I have see movie where I just turn off within 10 to 20 minute or sit and fast forward it if it be on video , or skip scene 's on the dvd . this movie do not make I want to do that , I sit and watch it all the way to the end , without want to skip part . <br /> <br /> I would have like it however if the zombie type folk in this be a little more scarier as they be about as scary as have Freddy Kreuger as you babysitter , not . but seriously though if they be a little better it would have be low budget perfection , maybe . <br /> <br /> the music in this movie be top notch stuff , ideal horror music so it be . I have see horror movie where the music be good or average but it could have be better , thank goodness though this movie do not have nay of the metal music in it . <br /> <br /> I have be a die-hard metal fan since 1990 but in horror movie metal music spoil it , the movie loose atmosphere a lot when any type of music other than a score be play . so i be glad there be no music in this movie other than just you typical score which be rather creepy , well do . <br /> <br /> it could have use `` Profane Grace - Epitaph of shatter dream '' on it though . as it be keyboard music no guitar no nothing except `` really '' creepy keyboard track . like track one `` forever Sleep '' you hear the wind blow all the way through it and some goose bump induce keyboard music that follow it . ever track on that cd be the same , ideal horror music at it be best , it would have suit this movie perfectly . <br /> <br /> the only unattractive chick in the movie to I be the one who get chibbed/killed -lrb- or so we be lead to believe -rrb- and hang up as a scarecrow , only to get free and try to escape later . every other woman in the movie be lovely indeed , a big 9 out of 10 for they all except the one I mention above . <br /> <br /> I wish that Hollywood -lrb- mainstream side of thing -rrb- would give money to Romero and the guy who make this movie . as give it to they for movie be way better a decision make than give it to a goon muppet call Paul Anderson of the `` resident evil '' mince . <br /> <br /> Well do guy , it be not bad , not bad at all , I love the part at the end credit when they keep show you clip of they make the movie -lrb- behind the scene 's -rrb- not many movie do this kind of thing , which I think add a little to the movie , as it also show you some outtake of sort and that be always a good thing if you ask I . <br /> <br /> Rating for this movie 8/10 , rating for the lovely lady in the movie 9/10 , rating for the atmosphere in the movie 9/10 , rating for the score for the film 9.5 / 10 .
do not expect a classic military comedy , which claim to make fun of the military while only enhance a militaristic outlook . instead it deconstruct the element that make the military such a murderous machine . Kind of East German version of `` Buffalo soldier '' . <br /> <br /> `` nva '' work on a meta-level that it sympathize with its hero ' attempt to escape from army drill any which way they can . it be not about loud laugh but about long lasting smile . utopian , of course -lrb- in one scene you will be show the harsh reality -rrb- , but very thoughtful . <br /> <br /> just to fill the require 10 line : do not go into that movie if you have be a army officer and like you job .
do not quite know why some people complain about this film not be a comedy and at the same time be too unrealistic . if it have be realistic , there certainly would not have be much comedy . I also do not think that a comedy need to make you laugh aloud twenty time . there be much subtle humor , sweet feeling , and Kim Frank just portray a dreamy character . in real life , there be many people whose facial expression do not change much so Kim Frank keep he be quite all right . the ending be quite unrealistic , I would say , but happy . it be a light-hearted movie with a feel-good ending . I like it . love it , actually . a serious part be Krueger go to Schwedt , and I be glad they do not show what happen to he there . show how he be when he come back hint at it quite clearly .
I see this series on PBS in 1980 in college and I still can not get it out of my head , although I have never see it since . I remember every cast member -lrb- the casting be perfect , as mention in other comment -rrb- , the design , the lighting and , of course , the story , which be by itself be enough to keep you glue to the set . probably the best tv series I ever see next to the original `` root . ''
nva combine eastalgia-humor , military comedy and teen movie . although it be somehow typically german-movie-like sentimental , I think it be a great and very funny movie . you will not only laugh in nva but also get a bit of a insight in the Eastern Germany armed force of the late 1980ie and how the young recruit as well as the professional soldier experience the fall of the Berlin Wall and the end of the german democratic republic . <br /> <br /> you will enjoy NVA if you like Sonnenallee -lrb- another movie direct by Leander Haußmann -rrb- , but not necessarily if you enjoy good Bye Lenin which be much more serious and less obviously funny . <br /> <br /> the acting be acceptable . but watch for former boy band singer Kim Frank who have only two facial expression : natural and shocked saucer-eyed !
it be just story , some we wish happen to we , some we wish never happen to we , all about unfulfilled desire . the location and nude body be beautiful , but after the second story all I could think be ` it take more than just beauty to create a real film ' . then of course the film unfold . the story be move except Sophie Marceau fail to communicate she story in this film . Malkovich play the story for both of they though . the voiceover fail to link the story but help Malkovich to provoke some thought . <br /> <br /> I would say it be worth see and the best of Antonioni I have see . give he age - remarkable !
antonionus with Wim Wenders -- some of the best of the best . story-character-visual . like most of they work , it be not really aim at the child or the childish . do not miss the genius contain in this one .
a wonderful cast throw into modern mystical romance for the intellectual grown up . yes , they too need a love story to stir those hidden urge without the Hollywood fluff . this all under the masterful direction of Antonioni and Wenders who both love to pin he character in exotic location and have they dwarf by the surroundings with long wide shot . it be great to see that there be lust in the mid-life crisis sector .
`` beyond the Clouds '' be a over-the-top artsy group of four vignette each a offer a glimpse into a man-woman relationship from the tenuous to the turbulent . although the film offer superb cinematography , some exquisite visual beauty , and a cast of fine performer , there be little meat on the bone of this fragmented work . a taste of a relationship can not impart the fullness of it and synergism suggest that much more can be accomplish with one story in 2 hour than with four . nonetheless , `` beyond the Clouds '' will be fodder for dilettante and a visual feast for the all albeit superficial , stilted , and lack in substance .
look like the bet movie I have ever see . not too much for intelligent perception but so rich for perception sensitive . Antonioni be comparably wise to he movie . Malkovich 's so organic , role be so true , situation be so real . I have change my world outlook after this cinema . I be a beginner literati in Russia -- country of Tolstoy and Dostoevskiy -- and I be quite sure watch Antonioni be good and fun for russky , because I and we do understand he point of view . so I do not understand he lesser raiting on imdb . I be sure , speak from Russia and we people , we like Antonioni because of he romantic soul and positive sensation of surround reality
first , the positive : a excellent job at depict urban landscape to suit the mood of the film . some of the shot could be painting by De Chirico . Sophie Marceau , beautiful . <br /> <br /> the negative : the story be hard to believe . Unreal , uni-dimensional character preen and posture 100 % of the time , as if they be in some kind of catwalk . this be neither the Antonioni of he earlier , much better movie nor the Wenders we have all come to know and appreciate . Malkovich be excess baggage in this movie .
amazing movie . some of the script writing could have be better -lrb- some cliched language -rrb- . Joyce 's `` the dead '' be allude to throughout the movie . beautiful scenery and great acting . very poetic . highly recommend .
if you speak french or can put up with sub-title , you will really enjoy this movie . if on the other hand you just want to see God 's most beautiful creature , this be a must see . not a ounce of silicon in sight . Zalman King eat you heart out . Sophie Marceau 's body be the epitome of perfection and everything I have ever fantasize about . she part be even in English . even the fact that she be nude with John Malkovich do not detract for she beauty . Sophie be a ten if ever there be one . Chiara Caselli and Inés Sastre be 9.5 s. oh yeah , it be a pretty good story . several little vignette be weave together in a sort of six degree of separation style .
this the the final feature film that Michelangelo Antonioni direct , with the help of Wim Wenders , and adapt from he short story collection `` that Bowling Alley on the Tiber '' . beyond the cloud contain 4 short story with familiar theme that we have come to be accustom to from he earlier work , and sum up those theme in vignette which be weave together via Wenders ' directed scene involve John Malkovich 's the Director character . however , most of the story seem to offer little or no depth that we be use to from a Antonioni movie , while Malkovich 's narration of suppose depth rattle on with unclear diction that sound a tad pretentious and out of place . <br /> <br /> nonetheless , all four story seem to touch on chance encounter , and extremely quick romance that play out more like lust at first sight , perhaps due to the lack of time -lrb- since they be short story anyway -rrb- to allow for a more layered approach to carefully define and craft the character as we know from a typical Antonioni movie . and the obsessive approach here be for the character to disrobe to showcase a lack of deeper connection sacrifice for the immediate satisfaction of the flesh . maybe this be the point to want to bring across with a observation of the more modern relationship ? <br /> <br /> the first story , Story of a Love Affair that never exist , tell the romance between Silvano -lrb- Kim Rossi Stuart -rrb- and Carmen -lrb- Ines Sastre -rrb- , who meet when one ask the other for direction to a hotel , and later meet at a cafe . it be as if Fate be play game on they when they meet , but part and meet again much later , but like the game people play , it be almost like a l'avventura or a La Notte with the lack of communication , and of the expectation from the man . <br /> <br /> John Malkovich 's director character take central role in the next short , who exhibit some really lecherous look toward a girl work at a shop , play by Sophie Marceau . she be deeply disturbed and make to feel uncomfortable , but somehow pluck up the courage to approach he , and in what I think be to scare he off , tell he she background that she murder she father by stab he 12 time . but in a flash these two be off toward bedroom gymnastics . <br /> <br /> the next short , do not look for I , be the longest of the lot , with Peter Weller play a cheating husband who have to choose between he mistress -lrb- Chiara Caselli -rrb- or he wife , play by Fanny Ardant . perhaps the more star stud of the lot , with Jean Reno also step in for a coda at the end of it , which sort of expand the little universe in which this short exist . but unfortunately Reno 's involvement also get relegate to some stifle of laughter as it go into the implausible domain with laser quick romantic tanglement . there be a key element adapt from l'eclisse with a kiss between a couple through a glass panel too , while the introductory tale about the story of soul be quite interesting . if there be a negative theme here this short want to play upon , it 'll be the duplicity of man . <br /> <br /> in between this short and the next be a small scene which reunite we couple from La Notte , Marcello Mastroianni and Jeanne Moreau , where the former be paint a landscape which be reminiscent of that in Red Desert . finally , we have the final shot this body of Dirt , with Vincent Perez as a young man go after a girl -lrb- Irene Jacob -rrb- whom he just meet , and fall in love with she , only to realize that it be a love that be too late . it be a relatively talkie piece , just like the first story , with the character engage in conversation while walk the street of the city they be in , which sort of bring to mind Richard Linklater 's before Sunrise . <br /> <br /> while on the whole the movie may have succeed as individual piece , they never quite measure up as a combined effort give the `` excuse '' to link they up be a film director 's exploration of possible story and a look for inspiration for he next film .
I post on imdb on this series recently , give a snail mail address at the commercial arm of the BBD where one would write to appeal release . I write to that address , mention Sam Waterson and he popularity prominently . I just receive the following reply : <br /> <br /> from : emilyfussell@hotmail.com Subject : Oppenheimer Date : May 14 , 2006 1:44:00 PM MDT to : kk2840@earthlink.net <br /> <br /> Dear Kate , <br /> <br /> I work for the BBFC , the british equivalent to the MPAA , and we classify dvd and video as well as film in this country . anyway , I be currently in the process of give a certificate to the 1980 miniseries ` Oppenheimer . ' while research the work on the IMDb , I notice you post and think you might like to know that the work be about to be release -lrb- hence the need for a certificate -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I do not know which company be distribute it , but keep you eye peel ! <br /> <br /> Kind regard , <br /> <br /> Emily + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + <br /> <br /> hooray ! <br /> <br /> i also want to contact Netflix re purchase this . <br /> <br /> Kate Killebrew <br /> <br /> kk2840@earthlink.net I email the BBC recently regard whether they terrific series Oppenheimer have ever be release on video or dvd . I have not be able to find it . I receive the following reply . if you do write the BBC , be sure to mention that Sam Waterston be very popular in the US . you can also enter `` Oppenheimer -lrb- 1980 -rrb- '' on amazon.com , and find a box to check to request release by the owner -lrb- BBC -rrb- and be notify when it be release . <br /> <br /> Kate Killebrew kk2840@earthlink.net <br /> <br /> here be the reply from the BBC : <br /> <br /> Dear Kate <br /> <br /> thank you for you e-mail regard ` Oppenheimer ' . <br /> <br /> I be interested to read that you would like a copy of this programme which you have enjoy . I have check the BBC Shop and on-line retailer and can find no record of it be available . we be unaware of plan at present to release this programme on dvd . however , if you would like to make a suggestion , can I suggest you put it in write to the commercial arm of the BBC : <br /> <br /> commission Editor BBC Worldwide Ltd Woodlands 80 Wood Lane London w12 0tt <br /> <br /> may I thank you again for take the time to contact the BBC . <br /> <br /> regard <br /> <br /> Elaine Hunter BBC Information ______________________________________ <br /> <br /> ----- original message ----- <br /> <br /> -lcb- comment : -rcb- i be try to find a copy of the terrific BBC production `` Oppenheimer ' , a six part series make in 1980 with Sam Waterston from a book/script by Peter Prince . I watch part of it then on PBS American Playhouse , but can not find it on video anywhere . <br /> <br /> http://www.bbc.co.uk/
even though the story be light , the movie flow so beautifully and its visual so tranquil and poetic that it could almost carry the whole movie . <br /> <br /> the film consist of four interconnected story , all about different aspect of attraction between man and/or woman and how it frequently be ethereal . they true desire seem to be always something that they can not hold onto , it will flow out like a handful of sand . <br /> <br /> I think the most intriguing story be the last one where the more unattainable the woman be , the more the man desire she . it parallel she deep love for god , who be infinitely out of reach , but never closer to she heart . <br /> <br /> a very good movie . 7/10
I see this film for the first time last night . I have be think about it all night and this morning . I can not say that it be my favorite film , at least not yet . I need to see it again . <br /> <br /> the cinematography be stunning . each shot have a lyricism that one would expect in a film that have Wim Wenders 's name attach to it . <br /> <br /> it be always tempting to see de Chirico in any picture of row of order vanish into the gloom , but in this case the analogy fit . in many way the figure of Malkovich walk through the fog and wind of Ferarra echo the shadow of the off-canvas statue that haunt Milan in the major work of the italo-greek painter . he be slightly menacing , a presence who watch and , in he capacity as a film director , exert influence on the entire story . <br /> <br /> the dedicated Wenders fan can not help but think a little bit of Damiel and Cassiel wander through the street of Berlin , watch all but not directly interact with the inhabitant . and , follow the Himmel Uber Berlin metaphor , the angel -lrb- or in this case Malkovich the Director -rrb- get to interact with one of the story . <br /> <br /> at this point I have to bow out of take this line of criticism too far . I need to see the movie again . I be fairly sure that this be the thread that will bring Malkovich 's monologue together . <br /> <br /> perhaps he musing and pontification be pretentious , empty dialog that sound good but can not possibly be parse into real communication . maybe that be the whole point of it . no one can make that judgment with any degree of certainty or authority until have do he homework . <br /> <br /> we must be careful when throw around the word `` pretentious . '' it be easy to write off anything that smack of the intellect as pretension , but that lead to a terrifying mental state , one in which the only conversation see as genuine , earthy or authentic be the most banal . when we shun all discussion of philosophy , God , existence , meaning and all that brain candy , we be set we culture up to die a slow , stupid and ugly death . perhaps this be the warning that Wenders and Antonioni be give we . it certainly be not the only theme of the film , but I think that it can not be ignore . <br /> <br /> the other -lrb- and most obvious -rrb- leitmotif be that of satisfaction . there be a lot here on that , and a thorough review of all the subtlety and consequence of the development of this leitmotif would well exceed the 1000 word limit for this review . <br /> <br /> my advice be to see the film . but I offer a caveat : it be not a autonomous film -lrb- at least I do not think so yet -rrb- . some film interact with the intellectual and artistic thinking of they time so much that the viewer need to have a background in the zeitgeist before approach the film . par-dela les nuages be one of those film .
I be stun by this film . I have be rent Antonioni 's films/rediscovering they , and this film show I the climax and fruit of he 50 year of direct . what a eye for setting , color , and detail ! I have never see such visual beauty and poetry film before . I have to stop after the first story and hold back the tear . yes , beauty move I , like it move Keats to write ode on a grecian urn . this movie be make for the mature , emotionally and intellectually , audience . those hope to see physical action and soap opera will be disappoint . I will have to see this film several time before I can truly appreciate it and judge it . this film should be require view for all cinematographer and director . <br /> <br /> possibly a truly great film , on the order of Kurosawa 's dream .
beyond the Clouds be in many way the weirdest film I have ever see . not for its Cult appeal , gore , or even for its idea , but because of the element that combine to make this a masterpiece of cinema . beyond the cloud be direct by Michelangelo Antonioni , one of Italy 's most famous director . however , if you give this film only a quick watch-over , passively I mean , it would seem one of those melodramatic and often pointless romance . this movie deserve great attention , to the point of embrace all its cheese . by cheese I do not mean a slice , but a whole brick of cheddar ! the music seem like it be from some italian porno , the story and dialogue like they be from a corny japanese soap , and the metaphor be so obvious you want to smack yourself on the head . <br /> <br /> but once you get pass all this , you be engage in a existential work of art . the cheese feed into the subtle film and draw we attention , perfectly , to what need to be know . the basic plot be of four chapter , unrelated , and all about love . what we learn be that no matter what happen or what be say , people can not communicate to each other . instead they can only communicate through each other . I suppose that be why the dialogue and plot be so cheesy , because the conversation be overly irrational with lack of causality and people 's reaction overly melodramatic . <br /> <br /> I leave that film think to myself ; maybe all life be one big melodrama . we judge we feeling towards other as real and purposeful . I hate , because I have reason . but what do the hate think ? maybe they think that my hate be stupid and arbitrary . in other word , melodramatic . <br /> <br /> so melodrama be actually a existential function . a corny romance be simply human interaction put under a magnifying glass , allow we to see the futility of who we be and what we do . <br /> <br /> this be a great film , I recommend it to all !
I be not really sure what to make of this movie , especially after see a great film like La Notte . unfortunately I see this in german during a Antonioni film festival at the Frankfurt Film Museum , so I do not get to hear Malkovich 's great voice . he be suppose to tie together four story about couple in Italy . however , as good a actor as he be , Malkovich can not rescue the most ridiculous of the four story portray here : a woman who come up to he at a waterside cafe near a shop she own and blurt out about how she kill she father nearby . then the two of they go home , have sex , and he leave . it seem as if Antonioni lose the subtlety have in earlier film -lrb- like the passenger -rrb- when deal with sex and replace it with blatant nudity . <br /> <br /> however nonsensical the storyline be , the film feature two thing that make it watchable : eye and ear candy . the actor and actress be all beautiful people , and the cinematography be marvelous - scene in old italian city contrast with a bit in a tall apartment building overlook a city -lrb- reminiscent of La Notte -rrb- . <br /> <br /> the ear candy , however , be what really make the film worth watch . u2 and Brian Eno collaborate on `` you blue room '' and `` Beach sequence , '' both of which set the mood perfectly in the film . the song be available on `` Passengers : original soundtrack 1 . ''
I be stun by this film . afterwards , I do not even want to see any film for a long time - any other film would be so unsatisfying by comparison . <br /> <br /> for many , it may be the worst of Antonioni - very slow , without a engaging conventional story line , microscopic examination of human emotion and interaction - and the worst of Wenders - verbose , confused transcendentalism . it be compose of short distinct episode link by Wenders ' typical meandering hero 's stream of consciousness , so it do not produce the temporary oblivion of escapist cinema . <br /> <br /> but for fan , the worst be the best and the disjointed story line be sketch a single poetic image that stretch across the film . Wenders and Antonioni create a discourse between they segment that seek out the heart of thing . <br /> <br />
this be a special film if you know the context . Antonioni , in he eighty , have be cripple by a stroke . mute and half paralyzed , he friend -- who incidentally be the best the film world have -- arrange for he to ` direct ' a last significant film . the idea be that he can conjure a story into be by just look at it . so we have a film : about a director who conjure story by simple observation . and the matter of the -lrb- four -rrb- story be about how the visual imagination define love . <br /> <br /> the film emerge by give we the tool to bring it into be through we own imagination . the result be pure movie-world : every person -lrb- except the director -rrb- be lovely in aspect or movement . some of these woman be ultralovely , and they exist in a dreamy misty world of sensual encounter . there be no nuance , no hint that anything exist but what we see ; no desire be at work other than what we create . <br /> <br /> I know of no other film that so successfully manipulate we own visual yearning to have we create the world we see . he understand something about not touch . no one understand Van Morrison visually like he do . Morrison 's celtic space music be predicate on precisely the same notion : the sensual touch that imply but do not physically touch . <br /> <br /> Antonioni 's redhead wife appear , appropriately as the shopkeeper and she also direct a lackluster ` making of ' film that be on the dvd . <br /> <br /> Ted 's evaluation -- 3 of 4 : Worth watch .
I first see the movie a couple of year ago and be totally and utterly impressed but its sensuality . it be one of the most touching film I have ever see , though it might appear a little bit pretentious and artificial - too much beautiful , if you will . anyway , one thing be for sure - the camera man have do a great job - each picture deserve to be cut off the film and display as a separate peace of art , comparable to the Chirico 's or Bernard Buffet 's painting . <br /> <br /> the music form a perfect background for the story , especially u2 's one play between the first and the second novel at the beach scene . as for the casting - I can not be objective since I like Sophie Marceau and Jean Renaue very much and can not add more to the praise comment of other . <br /> <br /> however , the very fact that many people -lrb- critic and those sophisticated in cinema -rrb- criticize the movie make I watch it with a more critical eye for the second time . no doubt , the setting be splendid and the casting be gorgeous . but this be somehow not enough to make a comprehensive and cohesive film . the second novel -lrb- when Sophie Marceau tell she story to Malcovic be somehow superficial and do not tell much about the motivation of the people involve - be it only about shoot a beautiful and sensual love scene with the naked Marceau or what ? -rrb- . apparently , it do not add anything to the idea of the movie and even the husky voice of Malcovic be be unable to link it to the main plot . <br /> <br /> other story be more justified and be really beautifully shoot , which indulge many of the logic fallacy within they . the scene when Jean Reneau be overlook the city through the huge window of he apartment on the top of the high building be absolutely incredible . the feeling of moist air and fine haze , which be be spread by the first `` Ferrera '' scene can literally be sense through the screen . no doubt , Antonioni be a great master of shades and semi-shades . my favorite novel be the last one - the most romantic , deep and meaningful - I guess that it the most antonioni-like one in the whole movie - almost a parable.Probably , the overall positive impression from the movie be mainly due to the last one shot somewhere in a small ghotic italian town , with its wind narrow street and crooked pavement , fountain with the l'eau potable and monumental cathedral ... it be laconic but really touching . <br /> <br /> I hope that my impression and comment on the movie , however chaotic they be would motivate somebody to spend a evening watch it -lrb- it work better with the home theater , have somebody caring by you side , than in the movie theater -rrb- . enjoy . <br /> <br /> I beg you pardon for the imperfect English and any possible misspelling
here 's another Antonioni that will be rediscover again and again as soon as it come out on tape or dvd . I see it a few month ago when it run for the first time -lrb- even in metropolitan movie capital L.A. ! -rrb- for a couple of week and then disappear -lrb- art house audience seem to have opt for they own special territory , where older favorite like Antonioni and Resnais be only welcome as occasional curiosity -rrb- . <br /> <br /> at first I be disappointed , think the pace to be unbearably boring , and that the man have lose a chance -lrb- for year Antonioni have find it difficult to find financing -rrb- at a advanced age to add another masterpiece to he canon ; but know Antonioni for what he be and how I have at first react to blow-up and the passenger , I refuse to pass judgment until I have see the film again . I go back the next day and I should not have be surprise that the film keep pull I in , make I aware of thing I have think about and lose track of throughout my life , drive home , in a contemporary setting , point expose for the first time some forty year ago in ` L'Aventurra , ' form a environment of subtle mood so characteristcally and fascinatingly alienate in tone -lrb- and quite comedic actually -rrb- that I could not get enough . the scene with malkovich sit on the fancy color swing on the windswept beach , with the weather so beautifully silver ski , and the eno/u2 track in the background flow through at just its rhythm , have be my favorite ; it still be , but now the whole film be just as great ! what a strange phenomenon , the complex simplicity or the invisible complex which Antonioni 's eye alone seem to be able to pick up and communicate . the odd thing be , though it do look at first glance like a softcore porno of some kind and it do feature plenty of sex and the maddeningly gorgeous Sophie Marceau and plently of other international star to distract you , this film be unmistakably Antonioni 's to its core , but you will not sense to what a profound extent , until you have see it a few time and get use to its rhythm . for example , it be quite a funny film with a deep sense of humor , something I do not notice at first , but be turn on to by another critic , and notice to much delight on further viewing -lrb- 4 before they pull it and would have go back for more -rrb- . if this film have be promote right and people guide to a certain extent as to how to approach it , I have no doubt it would have succeed on the art house circuit like most of Antonioni 's '60s film . but the '60 be no more and the film will have to find its audience on the small screen where half its beauty will be lose even in a letterboxed dvd version -lrb- if and when it be release -rrb- . I urge all film nut general or esoteric to see ` beyond the cloud ' and add a piece of magic to the tragic .
beyond the Clouds be a hauntingly beautiful , elegiac work of art . the overall softness of the light that this movie be bath in , make you want to touch the screen . the autumnal mood conjure up could only be achieve by a director who have see many summer of experience . or , to put it another way , a old man . I know of no other movie that capture and use the softness of light and seasonal mood with such ravishing quality as Beyond The Clouds . nearly all the people in this film be beautiful , unless you idea of a beautiful woman be a pneumatic blond bimbo , that be . the dialogue do not really matter too much , not that there be much of it anyway , and as for storyline , forget it . some film exist just as visual experience , this be one of they . do not bother if you want `` simple entertainment '' , this not for you . <br /> <br /> I could enthuse about the visual perfection of this movie for day , but I will not . if you be at all interested in cinematography , photography , film direction etc. , watch this film .
... a true geek-girl 's dream : high tech , high drama , smart guy , steamy sex , and large explosion . -lrb- very large explosion . -rrb- Sam Waterston be so natural in the role of Oppenheimer that tape of the REAL Oppenheimer sound odd : apparently , he have a voice similar to Ronald Reagan ! the triumph and tragedy of Oppenheimer be one of the 20th century 's most stir drama , and this movie stand as a model of what docu-drama ought to be : the fact be allow to speak for themselves , while the fictional part be use to amplify and fill in the record , not to call attention to themselves . a interesting fact : some of the technical detail use have only recently be declassify , and so be of special interest . a must-see !
... mean `` take up and read '' , which be precisely what I feel like do after have see this marvelous film . <br /> <br /> Von Ancken stimulate and inspire with this breathtaking and superbly execute adaptation of Tobias Wolff 's 1995 New Yorker article of the same name . the incredible performance by Tom Noonan be brilliant and provocative and the editing , sound design , cinematography and directing be truly inspire . the nuanced change and embellishment on the original story be subtle , clever , and make the film cinematically more dynamic . it be lyrical pacing be mesmerizing and beg you to watch it again . <br /> <br /> watch out for this young director ... he be go place .
like a lot of horror fan out there that go look for the next great scare flick , we plunder the asian horror market for whatever we could get we hand on , leave no dark haired ghost lady unturned . we have good reason to do so , the asian market have spawn such terrifying wonder as Ringu , dark Waters , Juon - the Grudge , and a tale of two sister . by the time Takashi Miike start rip the mick out of the genre with one miss call in 2003 , the market seem to be dry up , leave it open for mockery and derision , despite the continue Hollywood Remake Machine work full steam ahead . now , do not get I wrong , there be still plenty of good asian horror be make , the likes of Marebito and Shutter , to mention but two , will stand as minor genre classic some day . but the lank haired ghost lady have definitely have she feed at the party , and be time to take that success-drunk tramp home to bed ! then along come a film like Noroi - The Curse . a film that be smart enough to pay subtle homage to it be root , yet throw the rulebook out the window whilst do it . what I be about to describe in term of plot will probably make you think there be nothing new here at all . the film be a documentary about one of Japan 's top paranormal investigator as he receive story and tip off on ghostly going on . he start investigate the claim by a woman that she regularly hear a baby cry in the house next door , yet there be no baby there , apart from a middle aged woman and she son . these two disappear sharpish when the reporter poke he nose around , but strange other coincidence start pop up . a psychic young girl , a mentally ill clairvoyant , a pretty young actress who have a strange vision , a lot of dead pigeon , and a very sinister demon by the name of Kagutaba , lead to a truly terrifying showdown in a small historical town ... <br /> <br /> to say any more on the plot might ruin the fun a bit . the film be shoot in ` faux documentary ' fashion , and incorporate footage from tv show and news report , and the label via subtitle let you know where you be in term of the time line . the film have draw more than a few comparison to the Blair witch project , but apart from the shooting format and the creepy trip through the wood late at night , the comparison end there really . <br /> <br /> what be refreshing about Noroi be how it do not pander to modern horror audience . if you be expect croaky ghost lady to pop out of the attic , look elsewhere . the film 's strength lie in it be slow , gradual build up of terror , a terror so profound that it will stick with you for day after watch it . the climax be pretty damned freaky , but just when you think the film be over , you get treat to the ` real ' end when the credit start to roll , and sweet holy f * ck , be it a killer . in term of act , it be mostly convincing . you get some ` comedy ' relief from the crazy , tin foil cover clairvoyant , but that soon dry up half way through the film . the film also have a slightly ` nastier ' feel than a lot of asian ghost horror , as there be a violent streak to some of the event too . <br /> <br /> overall , Noroi be one to watch on you own , late at night . not since my first viewing of Ringu ten year ago have I be so delightfully creep out watch a horror film . it be one that will itch away at you until it be too late , then it be under you skin . just let yourself go to this one completely . and not a lank haired ghost lady in sight ?? no wonder it have barely be release outside of Japan , let alone have a american remake line up yet . check this one out if you can , essential viewing in my book !
another hand-held horror mean another divisive movie that fan should still seek out and make up they own mind about . <br /> <br /> imagine a cross between the Blair witch project and the grudge and you be close to the overall content of this movie . it be another videotaped horror but this time most of it be edit together in readiness for a video doc that be never complete by a supernatural investigator who disappear . <br /> <br /> I certainly have a feeling of dread while watch this movie -lrb- do anyone do dreadful better than we asian friend ? -rrb- but the creepy moment , the genuinely creepy moment , be sadly a bit fewer and farther between than I have hope . I also feel that I be two or three step ahead of the investigator when apparent `` revelation '' appear throughout so I certainly can not recommend this as highly as -lsb- * rec -rsb- . <br /> <br /> have say that , it would be remiss of I not to highly recommend any film that go on at length about ectoplasmic worm , contain at least two subtly spooky ghost moment and make sure that I have to put the light back on for a while when the sun go down . <br /> <br /> check it out if you have be enjoy some of the other hand-held genre release of late . and the finale be a hair-raising doozy . <br /> <br /> see this if you like : the last Broadcast , pulse , Angel Heart .
a documentary filmmaker explore seemingly unrelated paranormal incident connect by the legend of a ancient demon call the `` kagutaba . '' <br /> <br /> from the look of it , the film look like one of those camcorder movie that have be popular these last few month , even one that be go to be release next week -lrb- paranormal activity -rrb- ! however , unlike movie like CLOVERFIELD , REC , and BLAIR WITCH , where most of those movie be in complete chaos and mayhem with all of the shakiness , this one be basically show in a traditional documentary style . it have tv excerpt and interview and the scare be very subtle , well , exclude the last 20 minute where we go into the chaos effect and where the fear factor be raise up tremendously . <br /> <br /> and it work . the film be very engrossing and it make you think . yes , you hear I right : it make you think . you have to pay attention to those unrelated detail give throughout the film and the payoff be great when , in course of the film , these thing start to intertwine one another . the film be also very slow moving , which , in this case , be a good thing . we , as the audience , get to absorb the detail show on screen , however subtle or blatant they be . <br /> <br /> above all , it be a frightening little film . I be a person who be scare of ghost and the paranormal more than killer who slash away teenage victim so yes , the film give I some nightmare . there be some image in here that be really disturbing to watch , include one closer in the end where it make you go `` what be I look at ?! '' well , it be better leave unanswered . there be around ten reoccur character in here , all of which give authentic performance in they role . <br /> <br /> the only thing I do not like about the film be the end because most question be leave unanswered . the question `` that be it ? '' go though my mind . it leave a bad taste in my mouth . however , the rest of the film be just engrossing and really frightening . do not see this alone in the dark because you 'll regret that choice . also , I can see in a couple of year that Hollywood would remake this film . that will be interesting .
I , for one , absolutely love this movie . <br /> <br /> it be not a `` typical asian horror '' where you would see a gruesome look ghost -lrb- usually a woman -rrb- that be go around scare people . you barely see any ghost for a majority of the film , but the way this movie keep you interested in the plot and character be genius . this be not the movie for you if you be into gore -lrb- e.g. saw , Hostel -rrb- or `` surprise scare '' where stuff pop out at you -lrb- Hollywood horror , slasher film -rrb- , but this movie have a underlie `` creepy '' factor throughout the entire movie which I love . Noroi be a progressive and somewhat experimental approach to horror amongst the ridiculous remake and unoriginal crap be release by Hollywood in today 's society . <br /> <br /> please do not let the documentary-style of film turn you off -lrb- why should it ?! -rrb- . it be far superior to the Blair witch project because , for one , the act in Noroi be brilliant and it really make you really feel like you be watch something you be not suppose to be see . <br /> <br /> Noroi be definitely one of the best horror movie I have ever see . only a few film have make it into my top 5 horror ; and this movie hold a solid # 1 spot on my list .
be a great fan of horror , especially asian horror , I have see ton of movie , but this one be outstanding . why ? it do have a plot -lrb- which be unfortunately quite rare among horror movie -rrb- . the actor do a good job . it feel like a real documentary film -lrb- even if it be not -rrb- . it do not get bore for a moment . the director cleverly combine the plot with the act of a certain japanese magic cult -lrb- perhaps this cult never exist , but still , it be believable -rrb- . it remind I of the similarly great movie `` Forbidden Siren '' . <br /> <br /> to I the one and only annoying thing about the movie be the character Hori , the psychic , but this be subjective . <br /> <br /> I recommend this movie to all fan of quality horror . <br /> <br /> 9 out of 10 .
I can not praise this film enough . it have a lot of that hand-held , first-person shake camera which I love -lrb- and some hate , because it make they sick -rrb- , like rec , Cloverfield and Blair witch project . <br /> <br /> it be a long movie for its kind , but I do not even notice because the film be so interesting . by just show the footage from a paranormal reporter 's work the movie keep up the pace , make it a real-time experience for the viewer . <br /> <br /> while I would never call this film the `` scariest horror ever make '' , I would have to say it be certainly one of the best I have see . the fear factor here be construct by detail in the image , camera glitch , event link to one another which lend a very mysterious and haunting tone to the movie . the horror be more in what be not show , but leave to we imagination . the end be perfect , and be warn that you might have nightmare afterwards . a second viewing be highly recommend , though . <br /> <br /> watch this one alone in the dark , do not expect anything and you 'll have fun .
norous follow a documentary filmmaker , Masafumi Kobayashi , as he slowly uncover something mysterious and evil that be leave a trail of dead body in its wake . after interview a woman who claim to hear loud baby 's cry come from the house next door -lrb- where there be no baby -rrb- , Kobayashi head over to talk to the neighbor . he be greet with hostility by the unhinge , disheveled woman -lrb- Maria Takagi -rrb- who answer the door -lrb- and promptly slam it in he face -rrb- and get a peek at she 6-year-old son through a window . strangely , both the woman and she son disappear just day after he visit -lrb- leave behind a pile of dead pigeon on they back porch -rrb- , and the woman who first complain about the noise , as well as she daughter , be both kill in a mysterious accident not long after that . this pique Kobayashi 's interest and he set out on a quest to find out what be go on . he soon uncover that those with psychic ability and extra-sensory perception seem to be tuning into something sinister , unexplainable and possibly even apocalyptic . well-known 10-year-old clairvoyant , and tv celebrity , kana -lrb- Rio Kanno -rrb- seem to think we may all be doom , but she mysteriously disappear before she can be of much help . another female psychic/actress -lrb- Marika Matsumoto -rrb- become involved , as do Mr. Nori , a mentally unstable kook/psychic who wear a hat and jacket make of aluminum foil and think people be be eat by what he refer to `` ectoplasmic worm . '' clue eventually lead back to the site of a small village that be now cover by a lake , and the legend of a ancient demon know as Kagutaba ... <br /> <br /> unlike many other hand-held horror flick , this one depend just as much on the plot as it do reactionary first-person scare . thankfully there be something of a storyline here , a very interesting and intricate one at that , so it do not rely on glimpse of horrific thing through spastic camera-work every once in awhile to keep you interest . the way masafumus travel around follow lead in search of the truth - with well place jolt along the way - remind I somewhat of the omen in its pacing . the film also do not entirely consist of footage shoot by the documentarian , but weave in news report and television variety show as if what we be watch be a already complete documentary . that help to break up some of the monotony usually associate with film shoot in this particular style . the performance be good enough not to harm any of the realism of the ` actual ' footage either . overall , it be a well-made horror film , with lot of plot shift , some suspense and quite a few genuinely creepy moment , that be well worth check out . my only real gripe be that it could have use a little trim here and there and seem to go on a bit too long . otherwise , pretty good stuff .
this review contain some small , yet significant , spoiler . <br /> <br /> -- <br /> <br /> I just finish watch my copy of Noroi ... <br /> <br /> ... and it be great ! this might sound cheesy , but several time during the film I forget it be not real XD the acting be convince , although the act from Masafumi Kobayashi -lrb- play himself , I think ... -rrb- seem a bit hokey at time . Marika Matsumoto -lrb- Yuka in Takashi Shimizu 's Rinne -rrb- seem to change level of believability throughout the movie : sometimes she be really good , then the next moment she be really cheesy -lrb- especially at the end 's exorcism and subsequent re-possession . <br /> <br /> a character that be ridiculous at first be Mr. Hori , a man cover in tinfoil believe `` ectoplasmic worm '' be come to eat everyone . he provide unintentional comic relief at the beginning -lrb- act like the stereotypical alien abduction-type victim -rrb- but near the end have some really creepy scene . <br /> <br /> the plot be very interesting and really keep I wonder how everything tie together . there be some thing that be not really explain -lrb- like a mass suicide in a Tokyo park and where the reincarnate kagutaba-boy come from -rrb- but everything else turn out fine . the ending have get to be one of the most unnerving , if not the scariest , sequence I have ever have the pleasure to witness . <br /> <br /> all in all , Noroi be a very fun way to spend 2 hour and the new Hong Kong r3 dvd provide great picture and sound -lrb- most importantly the English subtitle - engrish free ! -rrb- for a great j-horror experience . I highly recommend pick it up .
never post anything here before , but after watch Noroi I just feel that I have to write down my thought about it . <br /> <br /> firstly do not compare this to Blair witch , this movie deserve far better than that ! simply put , Noroi be -lrb- probably -rrb- one of the best horror movie I have ever see -lrb- and I have see a lot ! -rrb- . <br /> <br /> I really like how the movie present itself not as a standard horror flick , but as a documentary film by a reporter -lrb- i think ? -rrb- name Kobayashi and he cameraman . without spoil to much about the plot , I can say it that it start with Kobayashi do research on a series of seemingly unrelated event , that turn out to be connect to something far more darker and sinister . <br /> <br /> while the story might not be that original in itself , what really hook I with Noroi be the incredibly eerie atmosphere . if you be look for cheap scare and seat-jumping scene this movie might not be for you . this movie be all about the mood it present , with haunting image and a general feeling of foreboding suspense . the documentary style film just make it farm more believable . <br /> <br /> this be also help a lot by the act which be superb , although not perfect for the general part of the movie ! far better than in most other movie in this type of genre . <br /> <br /> Well enough rant from I , I highly recommend Noroi to everyone , it be suspenseful , creepy , well act and the first movie that have scare I in age .
anyone familiar with horror film know that most of they be not scary at all . some people enjoy gorefest with subpar story line and character development . I personally enjoy horror film that focus on atmosphere and interesting concept -lrb- e.g. , a tale of two sister , Kairo , etc. -rrb- . whatever the type of horror film one personally like , there be only a select few that really scare you . Noroi be one of they . <br /> <br /> this be a documentary-style movie , which mean that the entire film be a compilation of video clip that be link by the legend of a demonic entity name Kagutaba . the premise be that a journalist film he own footage by interview people associate with the demonic ritual associate with kagutaba , then compile footage from other source that link with he research . what result be a relentlessly chill experience that feel very real and very disturbing , despite the fact that the story itself be fake . <br /> <br /> some have compare norous with the Blair witch project , but the only similarity be the documentary style . one obvious difference between the film be that Noroi scare the viewer by link event to one another use different source . for example , the journalist record the exterior of a house that he be research and see something strange on the porch . later in the film , a clip from another character 's home video introduce that very same strange occurrence . the viewer 's memory link the two incident and chill start run down they spine . another example involve a television show with a child psychic who answer every single question correctly except for one . in fact , she answer be so wrong that the viewer may wonder what the filmmaker be think . later on , however , that wrong answer turn out to be link to a extremely disturbing event . this be intelligent film-making indeed . <br /> <br /> another difference between Noroi and Blair witch be that Noroi provide not one , but two very long finale , the second of which be place a minute after the credit start to roll and be the single greatest scare scene in the history of horror cinema . I do not say such thing lightly . it totally wreck I in a wonderous way . <br /> <br /> other aspect of film-making be well do . the legend and ritualistic background of Kagutaba be very interesting and most of the actor do a good job . the only over-the-top performance come from a guy who be suppose to be crazy anyway , so that be expect . the cinematography be intentionally gritty because all of the footage be suppose to represent video shoot on camcorder . japanese film be not know for they special effect , but the effect use here be awesome . in some case they create a other-worldly feel -lrb- e.g. , the static interference or the first finale -rrb- but in other case they be alarmingly realistic -lrb- e.g. , the second finale -rrb- . <br /> <br /> when all be say and do , Noroi go down as the scariest film I have ever see . I would go so far as to say that there be no film in existence that provide such sheer terror from begin to end like Noroi do . see it now .
have anyone find a way to purchase copy of this series yet ? I can see that a lot of people have inquire but I can not tell if any of they have be successful . it be hard to believe that a series this good can not be view by people today , especially one base on real issue face by real people during what be both tense and exciting time in we country . how can this be true and what can we do to change it ? as a aside I agree with all the comment other writer have make about this series on this web site . this be a excellent story about event that everyone should be aware of and know something about today . lot of we see this series when we be in college or around that time anyway . now we want to share it with we child ... but we can not ? if that be true what would some good written material be that would relay the same information ?
www.petitiononline.com/19784444/petition.html a excellent tv series that should be capture on dvd . this be a show I rarely miss . I find a petition to bring it back on dvd . I recall one show where this obese lady wear a pair of glass that let she food talk to she . needless to say she could not eat she friend so she starve to death . another episode have a accountant visit a underground sewer & subway security branch . the accountant want to shut down the funding for the project . as it turn out the security branch be underfund to fight the cannibalistic creature that live in the dark . www.petitiononline.com/19784444/petition.html
one reason why they call the 80 's , `` the awesome 80 's '' be quality television . show like the Wonder year , war of the world -lrb- the series -rrb- , v , amazing Stories , and many more have always leave a impression to each `` fortunate '' one of we that in time will always find a way to reawaken itself . to top that , here come monster ! a series quite unique of its own , and a theme fully dedicate to - monster . may it be the good , the bad , and the morbid . <br /> <br /> if you be a fan of classic show or if you have the fascination of horror film then this one be absolutely for you . provide you can find this rare gem . <br /> <br /> even the newer generation will be in awe with some of the episode with its grittiness , it be indiscriminate use of gore effect or its story tell power and simplicity . I guarantee , because I be 23 :-rrb-_NN . <br /> <br /> be sure not to miss this ! <br /> <br /> although , it be a show seemingly forget by the modern world , it will always be with those who can always remember ...
I think that it be great how Chiller pick up this series and show it for this generation . Film making have come such a long way especially with the special effect and for one to be able to watch archived show that they never know exist , they will certainly be able to see the progress compare to now . MONSTERS be neither lame nor spectacular but it be entertaining . it take creativity for the type of story line they come up with and each generation seem to have it be own horror series . this particular series be not as horrifying as the Friday the 13th , the Series , nor as adult orient as the Freddy 's Nightmares . . it be something that a entire family could watch and still get a laugh and a fright at the same time . I be happy the Chiller Channel show it in they line-up , I be just about catch up on the episode I miss when I be grow up .
this be one of the best half-hour horror/suspense/fantasy show of the eighty , without a doubt . grant the show have a barely capable cast with every single episode , and it stink as far as production value -lrb- i.e. the set -rrb- go , but darn it I have to give it some credit for be gutsy with the plot . I mean the plot of each episode be edgy enough that even I , a hardened horror movie , shock-film , and 70 's grind-house buff get a little sickened and creep out . great show , just great , regardless of what the other reviewer have say here . my favorite episode be call `` bug House '' , yeah that be the title I think ? anyhow it still give I the willie every time I think about it to this day , almost 20 year after it first premiere . other show like `` tale from the Darkside '' , `` the Outer Limits '' and -lrb- of course -rrb- `` the Twilight Zone '' be definitely better production values-wise , but in my opinion they be not get a thing as far as plot line go when compare to this sick little show ! it definitely pave the way for the even more graphic cult classic phenomenon that be , `` tale from the Crypt '' .
this show have to be my favorite out of all the 80 's horror tv show . like tale from the Darkside , also from the same creator , this show be a rare gem . if you agree with I , please sign this petition I start , to get the word out for monster and get it out on dvd . here be the petition address : www.petitiononline.com/19784444/petition.html some of my favorite episode would have to be glim glim , and rain Dance . I also love the opening intro with the monster family . that use to creep I out ! one of the thing I would have to ask the dvd creator to include would be the organ sound hear right before where the commercial break would be . I do not know if any of you remember that part but that be one of the main thing that bring back memory to I . I mean , come on ! war of the world the tv series already have be release on dvd , so I say monster , and also tale from the Darkside , and Friday the 13th the series should be release too ! we the fan need to speak we mind ! we need this awesome show on dvd so PLEASE spread the word !!!
this picture be a interesting saga of the struggle of pioneer lead by Daniel Boone in the wilderness of Cumberland Gap while be threaten by hostile Indians . a treacherous frenchman be the cause of all the trouble between the settler and the red man while Boone try to convince the Indians that the pioneer only want to build home and live in peace . the film have a certain appeal because it be not a polished production but there be good action scene , although somewhat violent for its time . the cast be comprise of b actor but they be all good , especially Lon Chaney as the indian chief . Bruce Bennett be okay as Boone but be a bit too clean cut and soft speak to be believable as a frontiersman . the dialogue be rather trite but the scenery lend itself to the realism of the Kentucky backwoods .
I be enchant by Niami 's debut . I hope that we 'll soon see more of he work . I be lucky enough to catch the film during its brief NYC run and it strike I as a worthy successor to such downtown 80s flick as desperately seek Susan and after hour , but with a gentle european whimsey that make it fresh and fun . a strong ensemble cast play mostly against type be a pleasure . and I think the complexly inter-threaded plot be just right . Sandra Bernhard put in she best performance since King of Comedy , while Peter Stormare be hilarious , and Ling Bai touch . see it .
despite its New York setting & New York character , ` summer in the City ' be not a american movie , it be better than that . what be most unusual be the mix of style and genre . Director Niami 's show a deft touch in combine comedy with tragedy , pathos with drama . <br /> <br /> the secret of Niami 's success appear to be a smorgasboard of great character - each could have they own film build around they - and then fill they out with beautifully realize performance from one of the most wonderfully eclectic cast one would struggle to find in the same country let alone in the same movie , range from Bai Ling to Ornella Muti , Robert Burke to Peter Stormare who here reveal that he have a lot more in he than the bad guy stereotype he play in Hollywood picture . even Sandra Bernhard be funny here ! <br /> <br /> a add bonus , cream on the substantial cake , be John Cale 's soundtrack .
this film do a wonderful job of capture NYC stereotype at there best . if you want a simple , cute story however , you will not find it here . the related tale be weave together in a manner that do a excellent job of capture the close-knit yet contrastingly anonymous lifestyle that be Manhattan . a perfect watch for those who enjoy and can laugh at New York life in its most natural state .
I put this film in the queue on a whim after a recent trip to NYC , and I could not believe I would never hear of it anywhere ! it have all the makings of a cult classic , start with the character . they be archetypal role we recognize from every stretch of daily life , but be so nuanced and fully realize by the actor play they -lrb- Peter Stormare and Bai Ling 's performance be particularly strong -rrb- . they interaction be poignant and ground while at the same time brim with a subtle , quirky humor that be -lrb- sadly -rrb- all too rare in american film these day . Writer/director Ramin Niami do a beautiful job of weave these scene together into a funny and move portrait of a city of the past . highly recommend !
this be the best work i have ever see on television . the story be compelling -- all the more so because it be true . the writer do they homework -- the accuracy of event be well document . the acting be great . this have to be the best role Sam Waterston have ever have . and the black and white cinematography be exceptional . my only regret be that it be not available to buy . a few year ago I contact someone involve with the production -lrb- either with PBS or in England -rrb- and be tell they have no plan to release it on VHS -lrb- at the time -rrb- . this be a BBC production and run in the U.S. on American Playhouse . there be such a interest in see this -- just hard to believe no one can make it available .
the director , Ramin Niami , deliver the goods with somewhere in the City . this hilarious farce , I believe , be in the tradition of a Mel Brooks comedy . Niami poke fun at New York society by create the believable , eccentric , and tragic character of one tenement apartment building bring they to life from the very open one shot that introduce they . Peter Stormare 's performance as a gay shakespearean actor be absolutely award worthy and the film in general do a good job at show the hopelessness and laugh-ability of self-centered ambition . Sandra Bernhard be cast perfectly as the straight , self-obsessed therapist . I really enjoy Sandra 's performance immensely especially since I have not really be a very big fan until now . Bai Ling , Ornella Muti , and Bulle Ogier round out a international ensemble par excellence . I love the scene with Robert John Burke and he gang of idiot criminal who could not plan a robbery if they life depend on it . with a cameo appearance by Mayor Ed Koch and a solid performance by Paul Anthony Stewart , the revolutionary momma 's boy , somewhere in the City entertain without miss a beat .
I agree with the Aussie 's comment for the most part . however , there id seem to be a fairly decent plot , if unoriginal . Christina -lrb- Kelli McCarty -rrb- inherit a rural property that she intend to open a mountain lodge . she get reacquaint with chip -lrb- Bobby Johnston -rrb- whom she have know when she be grow up in there . the plot thicken when James -lrb- Paul Logan -rrb- arrive with he new stripper friend , shene -lrb- devinn Lane -rrb- because Christina have be James ' stripper friend in year go by , and the implication be that James have do she wrong somehow . to add interest to the movie Sophia Linn -lrb- Monique Parent -rrb- a romance novelist show up as a guest at the lodge , as do Eric -lrb- Sebastien Guy -rrb- and Linda -lrb- Flower -rrb- , pair of lawyer from the city . James sick the local building code inspector on Christina 's business as one of he dirty trick to shut she down . so the question be , `` how far will James go to sabotage the lodge and will he succeed ? '' <br /> <br /> watch for Devinn Lane here and in `` Beauty Betrayed . '' she seem to be make a transition from the hard core business to the `` r '' world . another notable be Samantha McConnell , play the role of `` Bait , '' clearly the most outrageous character name in the movie !
wow , I have sure see quite a bit of Kelli McCarty this summer . I do not know this woman make so many softcore flick in the past three year . it be like see a future softcore star blossom in front of I , much like Michelle Hall do a couple of year ago . <br /> <br /> `` passion 's Peak '' be the third quality softcore flick I have see Kelli McCarty in , with `` Girl for Girl '' and `` House of Love '' be the other . `` desire and deception '' be okay , but it be not spectacular . there be spoiler in this review , so read only if you want to . <br /> <br /> the story begin with Christina -lrb- Kelli McCarty -rrb- head out of the big city and to the mountain . she have inherit a house from she dear depart grandmother and plan to turn it into a mountain lodge . before she can even set she thing down , some woman name Kim -lrb- uncredited in this film , but quite the aggressive one -rrb- begin book guest to stay there . now she have to get the house into shape quickly -- in come chip -lrb- Bobby Johnston -rrb- , a childhood friend , to the rescue . chip help she get the house in workable condition . she hire two local slacker to work in she lodge -- chip 's sister bait -lrb- Samantha McConnell -rrb- and she sex buddy Hank . <br /> <br /> now the guest start come . the first to arrive be Eric and Linda -lrb- Flower -rrb- , two stereotypical money-first lawyer . Linda and Eric get into a huge argument during a dinner party halfway through the film which lead to they breakup ; sad stuff there . next , there be romance novelist Sophia , play by b-movie goddess Monique Parent . she be use that silly alias scarlet johansing again , and she be get a very professional look this time -- with blonde hair , of course . it would not be Monique if she do not have at least one scene where she play with herself -- and she oblige , during one of Eric and Linda 's sex scene . <br /> <br /> James and Shene -lrb- Devinn Lane -- yes , the porn star Devinn Lane -rrb- show up for a little weekend getaway as well . Unbeknownst to Shene , James and Christina have quite a history . James and Christina use to date , but Christina break it off to head to this mountain lodge . James come up to the lodge to get Christina back , but he plan backfire . Christina spill the bean to Shene , which cause Shene to walk out on he and down to the local bar to strip for the local . shene end up in the sleep bag of the now-single Eric , and they leave together . bait realize she want something more than just sex with Hank , and Christine find true love with chip , with Sophia soak it all in and write it into she next romance novel . <br /> <br /> in fact ... if you ask I , this whole movie play out like a romance novel . I do not know if the screenwriter be go for that effect , but I sure get that impression . Sophia have some of the best line in this film , play up the idea that this be a live-action romance novel . she seem to enjoy all the fighting and backstab go on . <br /> <br /> now to the sex . there be a fair amount of it , and it be the usual bump-and grind stuff . Monique do she fair share of moan in she two sex scene . this film be tapeworthy , and the story will actually keep the audience somewhat interested in between the sex scene . <br /> <br /> woman : a - -lrb- Monique be simply Monique . out of all the softcore actress I have see over the year , she be the best at act , in my opinion . she can really act and be sexy , which be why she be hold on to the # 1 position in my Skinemax Top 10 . Kelli McCarty be better at do softcore film than she be on the soap opera `` Passions '' ; I do not know why she be not do more of these . Flower be merely background scenery for the most part in a limited role . Samantha McConnell continue to impress I , and Devinn Lane be yet another hardcore actress cross over into the softcore realm and do a halfway decent job at it . -rrb- <br /> <br /> sex : b -lrb- it be good , but not awe-inspiring spectacular . plenty of moan . do not watch the r-rated version , trust I ... most of the good stuff be take out . my grade be for the uncut version . -rrb- <br /> <br /> Story : b -lrb- a solid storyline which throw in a contrived `` Ooh , the building inspector 's gon na shut we down '' subplot toward the end which mess up thing . the underlie story between Christina and James be nice , and Sophia 's dialogue , full of the metaphor and imagery usually find in romance novel , be a nice touch . -rrb- <br /> <br /> overall : b + -lrb- I find this movie to be quite entertaining . it be not a surefire Softcore Hall-Of-Famer like `` Girl for Girl '' be , but it be a respectable addition to the Skinemax collection . -rrb-
one of Keli McCarthy 's best . this movie be fill with sex , and nudity . it have gorgeous , sexy woman and some sexy setting . <br /> <br /> believe I , there be many spicy and steamy sex scene but not as hot as the woman . we have outside setting , a hot tub , bed of course , and some other nice place to have sex . <br /> <br /> Monique Parent be great in the opening sex sequence where she behave like a naughty girl . Keli be amazing , she be extremely sexy and perform in at least 4 hot sex scene . my favorite be when she have sex during a picnic or something like that . she have this short dress remove and the rest you can go figure it out ! Renee Rea also have a sexy sex scene where again , she demonstrate that beautiful cute face can also perform great in soft core sex movie . <br /> <br /> the most memorable scene in my opinion come near the end . it be a double sex feature that have to do with hottub sex , intense sex ! and Kelli McCarthy receive it real hard so loud that the couple in the hottub feel interrupted . the scene be long , steamy , very explicit , and fun . my favorite from 2001 . <br /> <br /> the other good scene include Keli get it on the wood -lrb- really kinky -rrb- ; then dress as a bride . <br /> <br /> Renne Rea , always super gorgeous , dress like a skater girl have a steamy sex scene . nice ! <br /> <br /> please , watch this movie if you enjoy b-soft core sex . it be among the best from the new millennium . I have a blast with it .
this be a very nice soft-core movie for both man and woman . plenty of nudity/sex , but without the overall raunch you 'll usually find . they could not have do a better job in casting as the entire ensemble be stunning . Trust I guy , if you want to get you woman in the mood , get something with Bobby Johnston in it ! and I be sure lovely Monique Parent , Samantha McConnell and the rest of the lady would do it for any heterosexual male . unfortunately , Bobby and Monique do not share a scene together and if you be aware of a movie where they do , please PM I ! I would love to know . the photography be much better than usual . so be the story . predictable , but nice , sweet natured and romantic . at the very least it be not one of those annoying predictable murder mystery full of bottle blonde woman with huge fake breast . I give this 7/10 !
do not know what film or version Jeff see , but this entire film be awesome , not just Poitier and go . the story be riveting , suspenseful and engaging . and for the guy complain about historical accuracy , get real . yes there be some black deputy marshal in the indian territory , but they have no authority to arrest whites outside of indian territory . as a rule , they do not `` patrol '' but exercise warrant on criminal only . I do find it odd that Corby do not seem to have `` any ' indian friend . I know they number be diminish but it still strike I as strange . even as Corby return to he people , he indian cohort remain faceless and nameless .
i love this moviee well i love the romance part with COlby and the girl ... Rachel -lrb- ? -rrb- 4got she name ... i honestly be only interested in those too . i love they in the movie i want to see more movie like that . but please no more sad ending where they cant be 2gether ! =-lrb-_NN it make I cry ! but the romance between they . the plot the trauma everything be great . =-rrb-_NN i just be more into Colby and Rachel . ha ha =-rrb-_NN everything about this movie be thrill the kind to keep you glue to you seat . because i sure be . honestly my only personal want would be more focused between the couple -lrb- Colby and Rachel -rrb- and at least a decent ending . I hate the end , a better one could have be more think out , not the fact of force COlby to he death and Rachel have a son . the end would have kill the movie .
this have to be one of the best movie we have see and we highly recommend it for it be exposure of the injustice of bigotry . Billy Wirth be a incomparable actor and truly awesome as Corby/White Wolf . however , feel the story would have be enhance if he character have more scene . this be a movie that can be watch over and over without tire .
I be a big fan of this film and find the tv minus series `` Children of the dust '' , the version fan should look for . at least 20 minute or more be cut on the dvd version of this film . <br /> <br /> I would also suggest viewer who enjoy this film to check out the book there be a more rounded storyline with corby/whitewolf and Rachel , more on black history and Buffalo Solders . there be two many storyline for the series or this film . <br /> <br /> Sidney Poitier only show he get better with age , the talent just keep grow the chemistry between he character of gypsy Smith and Regina Taylor be wonderful viewing . I also enjoy the Billy Wirth/Joanna go storyline , they seem to play off each other well . <br /> <br /> Billy Wirth be of course the `` Model of Indian Vision '' . the look , the attitude , the dream of every woman who be want to be carry off in one of those romance novel by a native hero . work for I also . <br /> <br /> much more could have be do with this storyline but it do give the viewer a brief glimpse of racial problem back in the 1880 's , white take over of native schooling , lack of black pioneer to setup town in the west . Michael Moriarty -lrb- Maxwell -rrb- as always a great actor come across as a very caring and confused teacher , not sure if the `` whites '' should be interfere with native culture . <br /> <br /> for anyone who enjoy character and watch they change this film be for you . I think the chemistry between Poitier 's character and that of the orphan Whitewolf very move and think Wirth and Poitier work very well together . Billy Wirth do some of he best scene when work with Poitier . <br /> <br /> go get on my nerve sometimes when you want to just stop and shake she or give she a '' wake-up and grown-up '' call . but on the whole it be a great evening of entertainment . <br /> <br /> look for the two tape version of this mini series if you be a fan you will really see the difference .
I do not understand why more people have not comment on this , other than the fact that perhaps not very many have see it . it be a amazing cast of character , one after another after another , all do by the guy who write the play . if you do not like film play , you may not like this -lrb- after all , play usually do not look good on tv -rrb- , but it be a one-man show that will have you pay attention throughout . highly recommend .
I have always like Barbara Stanwyck who be , perhaps , the hardest working lead actress of the 30 's and 40 's although few of she movie role be memorable . today she be remembered most for the tv show `` the Big Valley '' . Stanwyck work so much because she be durable ; it seem that she would accept most any role and make the most of it to make the movie a success and so director love she and many a ordinary picture gain credibility by she presence . <br /> <br /> and so it be for `` Christmas in Connecticut '' a very ordinary effort whose plot strain credulity and be not even really about Christmas . it do , however , have Stanwyck and Dennis Morgan as well as some supreme character actor include Sydney Greenstreet and S.K. Sakall so there be plot twist and funny moment which undoubtedly seem more real in 1945 than they do today . to begin , the plot concern a magazine writer -lrb- stanwyck -rrb- who the magazine 's reader believe be a domestic goddess , marry with a child and living on a farm in Connecticut but who be really single , live in New York City and know nothing about cooking or homemaking . could anyone get away with such a fraud even then ? apparently , and even the owner of the magazine -lrb- greenstreet -rrb- be deceive although one would think that he would have long since see though the deception but the story move on and Stanwyck , Greenstreet , a sailor recently survive from he sunken ship -lrb- Morgan -rrb- and Stanwyck 's restaurateur friend -lrb- s.z.sakall -rrb- find themselves spend Christmas in Connecticut at a farm belong to Stanwyck 's boorish boyfriend -lrb- Reginald Gardiner -rrb- . you can imagine all the possibility there be for this as the fraud unwind as it must . Gardiner want Stanwyck to marry he to perpetuate the rouse but one wonder how she can stand he at all . Morgan and Stanwyck fall for each other but he be suppose to be engage and she be suppose to be marry . regardless , they begin what seem to be a make believe affair dancing cheek to cheek and steal off in a horse draw sleigh . meanwhile , the incredibly naive Greenstreet character who have see Stanwyck and Morgan go off together but still do not get it see one of the neighbor take back a child that have be borrow as part of the deception and call the cop to report a kidnapping . Stanwyck and Morgan be arrest for steal the sleigh and the hoax begin to unwind . <br /> <br /> at this point the movie be funny as in ridiculous or absurd , not funny ha , ha and it routinely end like screwball comedy always do . the good guy get the girl and presumably they live happily ever after . <br /> <br /> I watch this movie every year at Christmas to enjoy these character actor at they best in a story that reflect way it be in 1945 and because of a long hold fascination with Barbara Stanwyck . thank goodness it be set at Christmas or like 95 percent of Stanwyck 's movie it would have be long ago forget and we would not get to see it each year anew .
a very well direct version of Eric Bogosian 's stage play . well worth check out for Bogosian 's great character and for anyone who want to see how to bring a play to the movie correctly .
Eric Bogosian 's ability to roll from character to character in this ` one man show ' exhibit he true range as a character actor . each persona have they own message to convey about truth , society , class , drug , etc. . this be a absolute must have for anyone who be a serious fan of act ! he performance contain some of the most hilarious and real moment I have ever experience as a view audience .
this be absolutely the best movie I have ever watch . at the age of 12 I be up late and run across the movie . it be on the USA channel , Gilbert Godfrey 's up all night . I will never forget . at the time my friend and I be really struggle with different issue , some sexual . you know 12 be a very rough and weird age . it seem you be stick in between be a little girl , and be a young lady . this movie really help to answer a lot of question for I . I now have a daughter that be 12 . have be search for a couple year for this movie . if it ever do come out on dvd I would be the first to buy . would recommend for any parent to watch this with they child when they reach that very rough and difficult age .
many teenage sex comedy movie come and go without much fanfare , however , every so often a movie might come along thats honest , funny , entertaining and memorable . the last american virgin be a special movie that have find its place and have stand the test of time blend all four ingredient . this film follow three friend -lrb- Gary , Rick and David `` the big Apple '' -rrb- misadventure into the world of first-time sex and true love . along the way they learn hard lesson and the value of true friendship . we follow hopeless romantic Gary -lrb- the main character -rrb- on he quest to win over the girl of he dream which lead he down a uncertain road with a surprise twist at it be end . if you have not be lucky enough to see this movie yet , by all means take a look ... sprinkle with many memorable 80s song throughout the movie to keep thing move at a even pace . L.A.V. truly be a original film , a rarity among film of it be genre .
the last american virgin -lrb- 1982 -rrb- be one of the few teenage comedy that I really enjoy . the subject matter and the acting be well above the usual tripe that Hollywood be -lrb- and still be -rrb- crank out these day . but for awhile , the smaller studio be produce movie about teenager that be not tone down or soften for the kiddie . the man pull the string behind this production be from you friend from Cannon . <br /> <br /> three teenage buddy be try to lose they virginity whilst still in high school . they 'll do anyone or anything to achieve they dream goal . the sensitive one of the group -lrb- Andrew Monsoon -rrb- what be to find the right girl while he two best friend will take whatever they can get . one day , the kid find he perfect girl -lrb- Diane Franklin -rrb- . but fate would play one of they foul trick . he best friend move on in and sweep she off of she foot . after knock she up , the sensitive kid help the girl get back on she foot and pay for she abortion . he still have feeling for she and try to win she heart . meanwhile he best friend have a very violent fall out over get she dream girl pregger . still , he try he best to get she to love he . the night come when he pop the question to she . but he heart be shatter when he see she dancing with he former best friend . in tear , the kid leave the party . <br /> <br /> what I enjoy about this movie be that it pull no punch . instead of be fill with phony situation , it be very realistic , honest and brutal . the movie 's fill with it be share of funny moment and hysteria . I have to recommend this film for fan of teenage comedy . <br /> <br /> highly recommend .
i see there be great review of this film already , i have get a few point to comment on , reason i think there be something special about this film ... <br /> <br /> first and foremost , the film be realistic . it may not seem realistic to a adult who have forget what it be like be a teenager , but that be really the kind of superdrama that go on amongst teens all the time . second , the good guy , the guy who treat woman with respect , do not get the girl . that be the way it be , in real life just the same ! he be too nice for he own good . people be just selfish . third , it be nice to see a fat guy who have some self-confidence . i mean , that role already take confidence from the actor , i be not just talk about the character . overall i think the film be a positive surprise that secretly hide amongst wacky , partyin ' teen sex comedy at the rental shelf . do not get I wrong , it be not all sad , it be a good laugh as well .
I first see this movie when I be about 12 year old . it have be one of my favorite since ... it be so perfect in all it be glory complete with awesome soundtrack , cheesy dialog , and it be both hilarious and terribly sad . the first movie I really just have a fit about at the end ... I will not ruin it for you guy but boy be it a tear jerker ... I just remember feeling so sad for Gary ! what a bunch of cool character in this movie it be genius !!! they be all so great even the nerdy girl Gary do not like ... -lrb- she have a nice little body though -rrb- . I can not believe all the girl go for Rick he be such a sleaze ball with he handkerchief tie around he neck !!! ha ha ha ... when watch this movie be prepare for lot of sex joke complete with sexually transmitted disease -lrb- almost -rrb- . but a love story at heart with real problem , deal from insecurity to life alter decision that make you think and feel genuine sorrow for the cast . I love this movie !!! if you like Valley Girl another all time classic you will too !
I see this movie for the first time just a short while ago . if you ask I it do not get the credit it deserve . it be a little like american Pie meet fast Times at Ridgemont High but with more depth . it handle the same issue as both movie , but in a way that hold with it some grain of truth . the end be sad , but that be how life be . I think everyone should see it . I have it on dvd form , and it take such a long time to find it too . that should say something , heh and another thing I will add be that it be quite difficult find the soundtrack . I believe they stop it , but the soundtrack to this movie be amazing . it have song by artist like the Commodores , u2 , devo , REO Speedwagon , the car , kc and the Sunshine Band , and many more .
i totally love this movie , try to buy it and can not find it . a must see , a movie you can watch again and again , funny but also a tear jerker in one . really good album for the movie . it be a really good 80 's movie , i wish i could find a copy to buy this movie , cause i would , the actor in it act really good.there 's a lot of people out there that probably could relate to this movie.that 's what make this movie so good . so go out and try to rent this one , you will not regret it . it be a older movie but it be worth watch , i would not be surprise if they make a remake of this movie soon , but i be sure it would not be the same . anyone who have not see it , go rent it .
I do not think I will include any spoiler but if I do , I can cover my butt . `` the last american virgin '' come in a time be such teenage come of age/high school sex romp be the rave . film such as `` Prepies '' -lrb- 1984 -rrb- , `` Hot Times '' -lrb- 1974 -rrb- and the popular `` Porky 's '' -lrb- 1981 -rrb- be make mucho money . yet it be the `` last american virgin '' the one that actually have a more serious plot story amidst the nudity and sexual situation . it be the often tell tale of three high school buddy who want to lose they virginity . the go to the wrong place -lrb- prostitute -rrb- , the dangerous one -lrb- older woman with jealous boyfriend -rrb- and the convenient one -lrb- lure they high school female counterpart -rrb- . the movie have a lot of funny moment , and although the cast do not produce a single major movie star , it be worth remember for a fantastic 80 's soundtrack that include : devo , the car , journey and other . by today standard be raunchy and might have grab a nc-17 rating , but be a well tell story of how sometimes personal fixation can only bring pain , while love might be right in front of we . it be a little piece of 80s americana and worth have in you movie collection .
while it be not `` perfect '' , it be close . Love Barbara Stanwyck , SZ Sakall , Sidney Greenstreet , Dennis Morgan , Robert Shayne -lrb- Superman 's police chief -rrb- , the housekeeper , the waiter at Restaurant Felix , and the judge ... . I can go on and on . this movie have be part of my family 's holiday tradition since I be a youngster , and my child grow up with it , too ! `` the baby swallow the watch '' be always my son 's favorite line . <br /> <br /> Sexy Barbara Stanwyck in pants and gown steal the show along with the cuddly , funny S. Z. Sakall . Dennis Morgan have a few great song , too . <br /> <br /> I highly recommend this movie and suggest you skip the remake -lrb- blah -rrb- .
reality before reality tv ? copy of `` fast Times at Ridgemont High '' ? a precursor to `` say anything '' that be grittier ? I can not decide , but the soundtrack * be * the 80 's -- Blondie , Journey , REO Speedwagon , devo , Lionel Richie , and u2 -- I can not believe this , they would never throw all those genre together in a teen movie of today . <br /> <br /> I remember this like a teenager -- mainly the sex part and not a hint of the altruism . why ? I be a horny teenager in the 80 's . watch it again , I just can not describe how much I love that Rose , play by Kimberly Richardson , turn out to be the voice of `` Pepper Ann '' in the 90 's , and she be almost 30 when she be in last american virgin , play alongside 16 year-old -- fantastic ! complete cheese , reality , fantasy , and comedy -- with a sincere cherry on top .
I really like this movie . I like it not just because it be a great early 80s movie with a great soundtrack but I find that it have some thought-provoking moment . they be just moment ; not the entire film . it be definitely not like `` less than Zero '' . <br /> <br /> the scene deal with typical peer pressure and also with more difficult problem , like the betrayal of trust . these problem be not easily resolve or forget by the character . certain scene will stand out and invite reflection on one 's own teenage experience and how those experience may have affect one 's character and outlook as a adult . <br /> <br /> you can watch this movie and think about the problem young adult must face , and about you own experience . or you can just pay attention to the boy ' quest to de-virginize themselves ! :-rrb- either way it be a good movie .
when I watch this movie in my adolescence , I attempt for the soundtrack . some band of the soundtrack I still do not know . however , during the film , I already notice she quality . u2 , Blondie , Police . , Quincy Jones , Commodores . sensational soundtrack . <br /> <br /> in Brazil , there be a long time this film do not pass in tv . today , he pass in cable tv and I remember to access the site to do the comment . <br /> <br /> the end of the film surprise I a lot , but it be what happen in the real life . not always , what think about be the ideal , it be what happen . <br /> <br /> the life bring we a lot of surprise .
this movie be release when I be 15 and I could easily relate to the theme the film portray . <br /> <br /> that be over 24 year ago and I have not see the movie since . this time around I cringe at some of the act but still appreciate the film for what it be . <br /> <br /> life be not always fair and the good guy do not always win in fact I think the movie do well to reflect that especially as a teenager the prick always do better with a lot of girl . also it do not matter how nice you be you can not make someone like you . girls/boys like who they want to like no matter how hard you try otherwise . sometimes you just get ta let go and say next . <br /> <br /> Gary do a good job show the intensity of he feeling for Karen . this be so true of teenager when they get fixate on someone . <br /> <br /> I remember sit around with mate laugh we arse off at some of the antic . the acting be not quite there compare with fast Times at Ridgemount High but it kick ass over this movie simply because FTARH have a lame viewer friendly end where as this movie have a realistic ending . nice guy finish last !! Gary come across as pretty lame cringe worthy material but we all know guy like this who be far to sensitive . we all know a David , fun guy who make you laugh . <br /> <br /> some people on here bag the end but hello the end be exactly what can happen in real life . some chick just go back for more no matter how bad the dude treat they , especially at that age . I have experience that first hand . <br /> <br /> great sound track too !! u2 `` I will follow '' - Jesus be it that old ??
as i say in the other comment this be one of the best teen movie of all time , and one of my personal favorite . to I this movie be the second best teen movie of all time . second only to the breakfast club . the last american virgin be also maybe the most honest teen movie of all time . it be underrated , and pretty much a unknown movie to a lot of people . it come on tb maybe once a year , but sometimes longer . the first half of this movie be a sex comedy with a few honest scene . then the second half be pure honest , and most of the time serious . with only a few comic scene . in my opinion this be the best soundtrack of all time . i have never hear this many great song in one movie before . there be 4 love song in this movie that i think be some of the best love song in history . the movie be about a pizza boy name gary who be a virgin . he in high school who have a couple of best friend . he two friend be sex-sarved teens . the first half of the movie be pretty much sexual misadventure . that be very funny . gary be major in love with the new girl in school . he later find out that he best friend be go out with she . he also cheat on the side . you can feel the love gary have for this girl very much . you can feel it even more in the second half . gary 's friend turn out to be a creep . but he other friend be pretty cool . the movie show how mean people can be . you can relate to a lot of this movie . the plot sound like you typcial teen sex comedy . but it be so much more than that . it be a very honest movie . it be also very 80ish which i love . if you love the 80 's or grew-up in the 80 's , rent this movie . but there may be some people that do not like the 80 's , but still may like this movie . i first see this movie back in 1987 i think . it be very entertaining , and very funny . it combine very touching moment with very funny moment . it be a underrated gem ! i have the movie . i love it ! i give the last american virgin *** 1/2 out of ****
it play like you usual teenage-audience t&a movie , but the sentiment be incredibly bleak . if it be make today , it would be consider a art house movie . it go through the usual routine of a guy try to get lay , but the result of he effort be harsh and cruel and unsatisfying . <br /> <br /> the whole teen flick formulum be adhere to , but nothing turn out the way you would expect . imagine a director 's cut of ` it be a wonderful Life ' where , at the end , James Stewart be not allow to return to the real world . a incredible film that subvert all of the expectation of the genre . it make you feel dirty afterwards : there be no redemption for the character . I be amaze it ever get make . the eighty version of Detective Story .
`` the last american virgin '' , along with `` fast Times at Ridgemont High '' be one the last great teen film ever make . it be tender tale of envy and unrequited love set in the early eighty . much-maligned by critic that it be a sophomoric , banal attempt to recreate the magic of `` fast Times at Ridgemont High '' , these same critic fail to recognize that the two film be actually film concurrently during late 1981 , and release at only slight interval from one another . either way , the studio would never allow such a bold and uncompromising portrayal of the issue many male teenager be confront with as they reach they sexual maturity . especially consider the heart-wrenching discovery the protagonist , Gary be confront with in the end . american Pie this be not . the story revolve around a trio of male teenager , and they mostly unsuccessful sexual pursuit . Gary be the least successful of the group , hence the tagline last AMERICAN VIRGIN . secretly , Gary lust after Karen , who be involve with Rick , he best friend . Rick and Karen begin have sex , and Karen get pregnant , only to be dump by Rick , who be not interested in the obvious responsibility which lie before he . Gary glide into help Karen , which lead to the aforementioned , unexpected conclusion . overall as a film , I find it be very successful as a comedy , as a commentary on the sexual dilemma of young man , and a remarkable come of age tale deal with issue such as envy , unrequited love and abortion , which be just as pertinent today as they be over twenty year ago . also , it have one of the rockingest soundtrack ever make !!!
Spoilers : this movie have it be problem , but in the end it get the message across . I like it because it end the way thing really do . the nice guy try and try , get he heart broken several time , but in the end there be no typical hollywood end . it end the way such thing always end , or at least always have in my own and friend ' experience . anyone who think that the end to this be not how it really happen , as the first comment seem to , believe that the girl would come around , realize she be date a asshole who treat she bad because he do not care about she at all be either naive or live in a more perfect world than i. I give it 7/10 , extra point simply because it be not afraid to end on a down note , give no real resolution , just the main character leave heartbroken , confused and alone as so many man of countless generation have be before .
Ahhh ... the ' 80 's . 1982 make I think back to the really crazy time we be face in America . fresh off the `` do what feel good '' ' 70 's , `` the last american virgin '' come as a wolf in sheep 's clothing as yet another ` teenage sex comedy ' from the glory day . oh sure , there be sex , but , I can not think of another movie -- ok , this and `` fast Times at Ridgemont High '' -- that really be not kill time between topless teenage scene -- there be some pretty good stuff here amongst the cleavage . <br /> <br /> the movie follow three hormonal friend . Gary -lrb- want to lose he virginity -rrb- , Rick -lrb- stud incarnate -rrb- , and David -lrb- overweight , but , not inexperienced -rrb- as they try desperately hard to make sure Gary join the world of manhood . but , a funny thing happen on the way to the kegger -- Gary fall for Karen -lrb- pretty brunette who love the bad boy -rrb- , and can not seem to follow through with any sexual conquest that David and Rick can facilitate . only trouble be , Rick and Karen get hot and heavy and Karen skip a period . it be Gary who be by she side as she go to get she abortion , and it be Gary who truly care . but , who be Karen dancing with by film end ... Rick . subtract the `` r '' and add a `` d '' where necessary . <br /> <br /> what separate this film from other from the ' 80 's we think about be that , by god , they attempt some real drama here , and not of the `` my parent just pull in the driveway variety . '' and , you know what ? I buy it . <br /> <br /> it be not sloppy . it be not far-fetched . and , when Gary see Rick dancing with Karen at the house party at the end of the film , I actually feel sorry for the guy . we teenage Romeo actually believe in unrequited love -- and when he heart be break at the end , it all sort of touch I . <br /> <br /> so , all the t&a aside , there be a actually pretty believable and engaging story here . Oscar worthy ? not by a mile , but , I do not know that I would lump it into the `` let 's get lay '' category , either . like `` fast Times at Ridgemont High , '' they actually be try to do a true film here , let the hi-jinx in between fall where it may .
what look like a ho-hum Porky 's rip-off turn out to be quite a touching film about be young and in love . <br /> <br /> the story concern three friend , Gary , Ricky and David , who spend they after school hour look for sex . when a new girl arrive in town Gary fall head over heel in love with she . <br /> <br /> the film go from be a sleazy sex film to a examination of teenage insecurity . it be funny and sad at the same time . it never completely give into that love story formulum that seem prominent in every movie make . you know the guy meet girl , guy lose girl , guy get girl back in the final frame formulum . that formulum be toss aside after guy meet girl . maybe that be why I like the film so much . <br /> <br /> the soundtrack be especially good and the end be a definite tear jerker . it also might be one of the most realistic ending I have ever see in a love story . <br /> <br />
I absolutely adore this film about a lady columnist -lrb- Barbara Stanwyck -rrb- for a major homemaking magazine who deliver a welcome article each month that include detail about she awesome home life as a wife and mother in a beautiful Connecticut home . the trouble happen when the owner of she monthly publication demand that she have he and a ww2 hero as guest during the Christmas Holidays . why be she worry ? because she live in a small New York apartment , be not marry , and do not have a baby - and can not cook at all ! hilarity -lrb- and romance -rrb- ensue when she try to put on a believable act in a effort to save face / keep from be fire by the magazine owner -lrb- play by Sydney Greenstreet -rrb- . this be a delightful comedy ; one that I highly recommend to classic movie lover !!!!
